
Attached  are two files that illustrate the following:

As prices rose, supply increased and demand decreased.  Now prices are 
beginning to fall in response these market responses. 

Financial  (6)
  West Desk  (14)
Mid Market (16)

Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
http://profiles.msn.com.

 - utility.xls
 - utility.xls

Enron-admin@FSDDataSvc.com on 09/06/2000 10:12:33 AM
Executive Impact & Influence Program
* IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED - Do Not Delete *

As part of the Executive Impact and Influence Program, each participant
is asked to gather input on the participant's own management styles and
practices as experienced by their immediate manager, each direct report,
and up to eight peers/colleagues.

You have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending
the next program.  Your input (i.e., a Self assessment, Manager assessment,
Direct Report assessment, or Peer/Colleague assessment) will be combined
with the input of others and used by the program participant to develop an
action plan to improve his/her management styles and practices.

It is important that you complete this assessment
NO LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS Thursday, September 14.

Since the feedback is such an important part of the program, the participant
will be asked to cancel his/her attendance if not enough feedback is
received.  Therefore, your feedback is critical.

To complete your assessment, please click on the following link or simply
open your internet browser and go to:

http://www.fsddatasvc.com/enron

Your unique ID for each participant you have been asked to rate is:

Unique ID - Participant
EVH3JY - John Arnold
ER93FX - John Lavorato
EPEXWX - Hunter Shively

If you experience technical problems, please call Dennis Ward at
FSD Data Services, 713-942-8436.  If you have any questions about this 
process,
you may contact Debbie Nowak at Enron, 713-853-3304, or Christi Smith at
Keilty, Goldsmith & Company, 858-450-2554.

Thank you for your participation.

Larry,

 Just a note to touch base on the sagewood townhomes and other development 
opportunities.

 I stumbled across some other duplexes for sale on the same street. that were 
built by Reagan Lehmann.  22 Units were sold for 
 around $2 million. ($182,000/duplex).  I spoke to Reagan and he indicated 
that he had more units under construction that would be 
 available in the 180's.  Are the units he is selling significantly different 
from yours?  He mentioned some of the units are the 1308 floor
 plan.  My bid of 2.7 million is almost $193,000/duplex.  

 As far as being an investor in a new project, I am still very interested.  

 Call or email with your thoughts.

Phillip

Ina,

 I scheduled a meeting with Jean Mrha tomorrow at 3:30

Jeff Richter
09/06/2000 07:39 AM

Do not underestimate the effects of the Internet economy on load growth.  I 
have been preaching the tremendous growth described below for the last year.  
The utility infrastructure simply cannot handle these loads at the 
distribution level and ultimatley distributed generation will be required for 
power quality reasons.

The City of Austin, TX has experienced 300+ MW of load growth this year due 
to server farms and technology companies.  There is a 100 MW server farm 
trying to hook up to HL&P as we speak and they cannot deliver for 12 months 
due to distribution infrastructure issues.  Obviously, Seattle, Porltand, 
Boise, Denver, San Fran and San Jose in your markets are in for a rude 
awakening in the next 2-3 years.

George Hopley
09/05/2000 11:41 AM
Internet Data Gain Is a Major Power Drain on
                  Local Utilities 

                  ( September 05, 2000 ) 

                  In 1997, a little-known Silicon Valley company called Exodus
                  Communications opened a 15,000-square-foot data center in 
Tukwila. 

                       The mission was to handle the Internet traffic and 
computer servers for the
                  region's growing number of dot-coms. 

                       Fast-forward to summer 2000. Exodus is now wrapping up 
construction
                  on a new 13-acre, 576,000-square-foot data center less than 
a mile from its
                  original facility. Sitting at the confluence of several 
fiber optic backbones, the
                  Exodus plant will consume enough power for a small town and 
eventually
                  house Internet servers for firms such as Avenue A, 
Microsoft and Onvia.com. 

                       Exodus is not the only company building massive data 
centers near Seattle.
                  More than a dozen companies -- with names like AboveNet, 
Globix and
                  HostPro -- are looking for facilities here that will house 
the networking
                  equipment of the Internet economy. 

                       It is a big business that could have an effect on 
everything from your
                  monthly electric bill to the ease with which you access 
your favorite Web sites.

                       Data centers, also known as co-location facilities and 
server farms, are
                  sprouting at such a furious pace in Tukwila and the Kent 
Valley that some
                  have expressed concern over whether Seattle City Light and 
Puget Sound
                  Energy can handle the power necessary to run these 24-hour, 
high-security
                  facilities. 

                       "We are talking to about half a dozen customers that 
are requesting 445
                  megawatts of power in a little area near Southcenter Mall," 
said Karl
                  Karzmar, manager of revenue requirements for Puget Sound 
Energy. "That is
                  the equivalent of six oil refineries." 

                       A relatively new phenomenon in the utility business, 
the rise of the Internet
                  data center has some utility veterans scratching their 
heads. 

                       Puget Sound Energy last week asked the Washington 
Utilities and
                  Transportation Commission to accept a tariff on the new 
data centers. The
                  tariff is designed to protect the company's existing 
residential and business
                  customers from footing the bill for the new base stations 
necessary to support
                  the projects. Those base stations could cost as much as $20 
million each,
                  Karzmar said. 

                       Not to be left behind, Seattle City Light plans to 
bring up the data center
                  issue on Thursday at the Seattle City Council meeting. 

                       For the utilities that provide power to homes, 
businesses and schools in the
                  region, this is a new and complex issue. 

                       On one hand, the data centers -- with their amazing 
appetite for power --
                  represent potentially lucrative business customers. The 
facilities run 24 hours a
                  day, seven days a week, and therefore could become a 
constant revenue
                  stream. On the other hand, they require so much energy that 
they could
                  potentially flood the utilities with exorbitant capital 
expenditures. 

                       Who will pay for those expenditures and what it will 
mean for power rates
                  in the area is still open to debate. 

                       "These facilities are what we call extremely dense 
loads," said Bob Royer,
                  director of communications and public affairs at Seattle 
City Light. 

                       "The entire University of Washington, from stadium 
lights at the football
                  game to the Medical School, averages 31 megawatts per day. 
We have data
                  center projects in front of us that are asking for 30, 40 
and 50 megawatts." 

                       With more than 1.5 million square feet, the Intergate 
complex in Tukwila is
                  one of the biggest data centers. Sabey Corp. re-purchased 
the 1.35 million
                  square-foot Intergate East facility last September from 
Boeing Space &
                  Defense. In less than 12 months, the developer has leased 
92 percent of the
                  six-building complex to seven different co-location 
companies. 

                       "It is probably the largest data center park in the 
country," boasts Laurent
                  Poole, chief operating officer at Sabey. Exodus, ICG 
Communications,
                  NetStream Communications, Pac West Telecomm and Zama 
Networks all
                  lease space in the office park. 

                       After building Exodus' first Tukwila facility in 1997, 
Sabey has become an
                  expert in the arena and now has facilities either under 
management or
                  development in Los Angeles, Spokane and Denver. Poole 
claims his firm is
                  one of the top four builders of Internet data centers in 
the country. 

                       As more people access the Internet and conduct 
bandwidth-heavy tasks
                  such as listening to online music, Poole said the need for 
co-location space in
                  Seattle continues to escalate. 

                       But it is not just Seattle. The need for data center 
space is growing at a
                  rapid clip at many technology hubs throughout the country, 
causing similar
                  concerns among utilities in places such as Texas and 
California. 

                       Exodus, one of the largest providers of co-location 
space, plans to nearly
                  double the amount of space it has by the end of the year. 
While companies
                  such as Amazon.com run their own server farms, many 
high-tech companies
                  have decided to outsource the operations to companies such 
as Exodus that
                  may be better prepared for dealing with Internet traffic 
management. 

                       "We have 2 million square feet of space under 
construction and we plan to
                  double our size in the next nine months , yet there is more 
demand right now
                  than data center space," said Steve Porter, an account 
executive at Exodus in
                  Seattle. 

                       The booming market for co-location space has left some 
in the local utility
                  industry perplexed. 

                       "It accelerates in a quantum way what you have to do 
to serve the growth,"
                  said Seattle City Light's Royer. "The utility industry is 
almost stunned by this, in
                  a way." 

Ina,

 Can you pull Tori K.'s and Martin Cuilla's resumes and past performance 
reviews from H.R.

John J Lavorato@ENRON
09/06/2000 05:39 AM
The commercial support people that you and Hunter want to make commercial 
managers.  

resumes of whom?

We have not received your completed Team Selection information.  It is
imperative that we receive your team's information (email, phone number,
office) asap.  We cannot start your administration without this information,
and your raters will have less time to provide feedback for you.

Thank you for your assistance.

Christi

Hi Phillip.  We appreciate your prompt attention and completing the Team
Selection information.

Ideally, we needed to receive your team of raters on the Team Selection form
we sent you.  The information needed is then easily transferred into the
database directly from that Excel spreadsheet.  If you do not have the
ability to complete that form, inserting what you listed below, we still
require additional information.

We need each person's email address.  Without the email address, we cannot
email them their internet link and ID to provide feedback for you, nor can
we send them an automatic reminder via email.  It would also be good to have
each person's phone number, in the event we need to reach them.

So, we do need to receive that complete TS Excel spreadsheet, or if you need
to instead, provide the needed information via email.

Thank you for your assistance Phillip.

Christi L. Smith
Project Manager for Client Services
Keilty, Goldsmith & Company
858/450-2554

John Lavorato-M

Mike Grigsby-D
Keith Holst-D
Frank Ermis-D
Steve South-D
Janie Tholt-D

Scott Neal-P
Hunter Shively-P
Tom Martin-P
John Arnold-P

	
	

Mark,

 Here is a spreadsheet detailing our September Socal trades. (I did not 
distinguish between buys vs. sells.)

Phillip

--

 - Ray Niles on Price Caps.pdf

it is ok with me.

Richard,

 Compare your california production to the numbers in the 2000 California Gas 
Report.  It shows 410.  But again that might be just what the two utilities 
receive.

Cooper,
 
 Can you give access to the new west power site to Jay Reitmeyer.  He is an 
analyst in our group.

Phillip

Hi Phillip.  We appreciate your prompt attention and completing the Team
Selection information.

Ideally, we needed to receive your team of raters on the Team Selection form
we sent you.  The information needed is then easily transferred into the
database directly from that Excel spreadsheet.  If you do not have the
ability to complete that form, inserting what you listed below, we still
require additional information.

We need each person's email address.  Without the email address, we cannot
email them their internet link and ID to provide feedback for you, nor can
we send them an automatic reminder via email.  It would also be good to have
each person's phone number, in the event we need to reach them.

So, we do need to receive that complete TS Excel spreadsheet, or if you need
to instead, provide the needed information via email.

Thank you for your assistance Phillip.

Christi L. Smith
Project Manager for Client Services
Keilty, Goldsmith & Company
858/450-2554

John Lavorato-M

Mike Grigsby-D
Keith Holst-D
Frank Ermis-D
Steve South-D
Janie Tholt-D

Scott Neal-P
Hunter Shively-P
Tom Martin-P
John Arnold-P

John Lavorato-M

Mike Grigsby-D
Keith Holst-D
Frank Ermis-D
Steve South-D
Janie Tholt-D

Scott Neal-P
Hunter Shively-P
Tom Martin-P
John Arnold-P

	
	

Mark,

 Here is a spreadsheet detailing our September Socal trades. (I did not 
distinguish between buys vs. sells.)

Phillip

Greg,

 Got your message.  Good luck on the bike ride.

 What were you doing to your apartment?  Are you setting up a studio?

 The kids are back in school.  Otherwise just work is going on here.

Keith

Why are his requests coming to me?

Mark,

 Here is a spreadsheet detailing our September Socal trades. (I did not 
distinguish between buys vs. sells.)

Phillip

Mark,

 Were you able to log in to enron online and find socal today?

 I will follow up with a list of our physical deals done yesterday and today.

Phillip

Brenda

 Can you send me your address in College Station.

Phillip

Lucy,

 Here is a rentroll for this week.  The one you sent for 11/24 looked good.  
It seems like most people are paying on time.  Did you rent an efficiency to 
the elderly woman on a fixed income?  Go ahead a use your judgement on the 
rent prices for the vacant units.  If you need to lower the rent by $10 or 
$20 to get things full, go ahead.

 I will be out of the office on Thursday.  I will talk to you on Friday.

Phillip

Kristian J Lande

08/24/2000 03:56 PM

Sorry, 
Report as of August 24, 2000

Mark,

 The following is a guest password that will allow you temporary view only 
access to EnronOnline.  Please note, the user ID and password are CASE 
SENSITIVE.

Guest User ID:  GNA45925
Guest Password: YJ53KU42

Log in to www.enrononline.com and install shockwave using instructions 
below.  I have set up a composite page with western basis and cash prices to 
help you filter through the products.  The title of the composite page is 
Mark's Page.  If you have any problems logging in you can call me at 
(713)853-7041 or Kathy Moore, EnronOnline HelpDesk, 713/853-HELP (4357).

The Shockwave installer can be found within "About EnronOnline" on the home 
page.  After opening "About EnronOnline", using right scroll bar, go to the 
bottom.  Click on "download Shockwave" and follow the directions.  After 
loading Shockwave, shut down and reopen browser (i.e. Microsoft Internet 
Explorer/Netscape).

I hope you will find this site useful.

Sincerely,

Phillip Allen

Mark,

 Attached is a spreadsheet that lists the end of day midmarkets for socal 
basis and socal/san juan spreads.  I listed the days during bidweek that 
reflected financial trading for Socal Index and the actual gas daily prints 
before and after bidweek.  

 

 The following observations can be made:

  July 1.  The basis market  anticipated a Socal/San Juan spread of .81 vs 
actual of .79
   2.  Perceived index was 4.95 vs actual of 4.91
   3.  Socal Gas Daily Swaps are trading at a significant premium.

  Aug. 1.  The basis market  anticipated a Socal/San Juan spread of 1.04 vs 
actual of .99
   2.  Perceived index was 4.54 vs actual of 4.49
   3.  Gas daily spreads were much wider before and after bidweek than the 
monthly postings
   4.  Socal Gas Daily Swaps are trading at a significant premium.

   

 Enron Online will allow you to monitor the value of financial swaps against 
the index, as well as, spreads to other locations.  Please call with any 
questions.

Phillip

  

Suzanne,

 Can you give me more details or email  the plan prior to meeting?  What do I 
need to provide besides headcount?
 Otherwise any afternoon next week would be fine

Phillip

Colleen,

 Please add Mike Grigsby to the distribution.

 On another note, do you have any idea how Patti is holding up?

Phillip

Brad,

 With regard to Tori Kuykendall, I would like to promote her to commercial 
manager instead of converting her from a commercial support manager to an 
associate.  Her duties since the beginning of the year have been those of a 
commercial manager.  I have no doubt that she will compare favorably to 
others in that category at year end.  

 Martin Cuilla on the central desk is in a similiar situation as Tori.  
Hunter would like Martin handled the same as Tori.

 Let me know if there are any issues.

Phillip

Bruce,

Can you stop by and set up my reuters.

Phillip

Lucy,

 The rent roll spreadsheet is starting to look better.  See if you can add 
these modifications:

 1.  Use a formula in column E.  Add the value in column C to column D.  It 
should read =c6+d6.  Then copy this formula to the rows below.

 2.  Column H needs a formula.  Subtract amount paid from amount owed.  
=e6-g6.

 3.  Column F is filled with the #### sign.  this is because the column width 
is too narrow.  Use you mouse to click on the line beside the 
       letter F.  Hold the left mouse button down and drag the column wider.

 4.  After we get the rent part fixed, lets bring the database columns up to 
this sheet and place them to the right in columns J and beyond.

Phillip

Lucy,
 I got your email with the attachment.  Let's work together today to get this 
done

Phillip

you have my approval

Anne Bike@ENRON
11/28/2000 09:04 PM
Attached please find the spreadsheet containing the above referenced 
information.

Lucy,

 We can discuss your email later.  How is progress on creating the 
spreadsheets.  You will probably need to close the file before you attach to 
an email.  It is 2:00.  I really want to make some progress on these two 
files.

Phillip

Lucy,

Please open this excel file and input the rents and names due for this week.  
Then email the file back.

Open the "utility" spreadsheet and try to complete the analysis of whether it 
is better to be a small commercial or a medium commercial (LP-1).
You will need to get the usage for that meter for the last 12 months.  If we 
have one year of data, we can tell which will be cheaper.  Use the rates 
described in the spreadsheet.  This is a great chance for you to practice 
excel.

Mac,

 Thanks for the research report on EOG.  Here are my observations:

  Gas Sales 916,000/day x 365 days = 334,340,000/year
  
  Estimated Gas Prices $985,721,000/334,340,000= $2.95/mcf

  Actual gas prices are around $1.00/mcf higher and rising. 

   Recalc of EPS with more accurate gas prices:
  (334,340,000 mct X $1/mcf)/116,897,000 shares outst = $2.86 additional EPS 
X 12 P/E multiple = $34 a share

 That is just a back of the envelope valuation based on gas prices.  I think 
crude price are undervalued by the tune of $10/share.

 Current price 37
 Nat. Gas 34
 Crude  10

 Total  81

 
 Can you take a look at these numbers and play devil's advocate?  To me this 
looks like the best stock to own Also can you send me a report on Calpine, 
Tosco, and SLB?

Thank you,

 Phillip

      Phillip,
           We have been working on different apartments today and having to
listen to different, people about what Mary is saying should i be worried?
ants seem to be invading my apartment.You got my other fax's Wade is working
on the bulletin board that I need up so that I can let tenants know about
what is going on.Gave #25 a notice about having to many people staying in
that apt and that problem has been resolved.Also I have a tenant in #29 that
is complaining about #28 using fowl language.I sent #28 a lease violation we
will see how that goes
                                                  call you tomorrow
                                           Thanx Lucy

       Phillip,
               The a/c I bought today for #17 cost $166.71 pd by ck#1429
      8/16/00 at WAL-MART.Also on 8/15/00 Ralph's Appliance Centerck#1428
      frig & stove for apt #20-B IVOICE # 000119 AMT=308.56 (STOVE=150.00
     (frig=125.00)DEL CHRG=15.00\TAX=18.56 TOTAL=308.56.FAX MACHINE FOR
FFICE CK # 1427=108.25 FROM sTEELMAN OFFICE PRODUC

TS.                                           Thanxs, Lucy

   Phillip,
        Today was one of those days because Wade had to go pay his fine and
I had to go take him that takes alot of time out of my schedule.If you get a
chance will you mention to him that he needs to, try to fix his van so tht
he can go get what ever he needs. Tomorrow gary is going to be here.I have
to go but Iwill E-Mail you tomorrow
                                            Lucy

I checked into exercising options with Smith Barney, but Enron has some kind 
of exclusive with Paine Weber.  I am starting to exercise now, but I am going 
to use the proceeds to buy another apartment complex.   
 What do you think about selling JDSU and buying SDLI?
 Also can you look at EOG as a play on rising oil and gas prices.

Thanks,

Phillip

I tried the new address but I don't have access.  also, what do I need to 
enter under domain?

	
	

Sent by: Kay Chapman
This is a reminder !!!!!  There will be a Friday Meeting August 18, 2000.  
This meeting replaces the every Friday Meeting and will be held every other 
Friday.

     
    Date:  Friday August 18, 2000

    Time:  2:30 pm - 4:30 pm

    Location: 30C1  
 
    Topic:   ENA Management Committee

      

If you have any questions or conflicts, please feel free to call me (3-0643) 
or Bev (3-7857).

Thanks,

Kay 3-0643

 - rentroll_1124.xls

Cooper,

This is the website I use:

http://ectpdx-sunone/~ctatham/navsetup/index.htm

Should I use a different address.

Cooper,

 Did you add some more security to the expost hourly summary?  It keeps 
asking me for additional passwords and domain.  What do I need to enter?

Phillip

Stephanie

Please grant Paul the requested eol rights

Thanks,
Phillip

Cash
 Hehub
 Chicago
 PEPL
 Katy
 Socal
 Opal
 Permian

Gas Daily

 Hehub
 Chicago
 PEPL
 Katy
 Socal
 NWPL
 Permian

Prompt

 Nymex
 Chicago
 PEPL
 HSC
 Socal
 NWPL

I tried to run the model and it did not work

Please plan to attend a meeting on Friday, August 11 at 11:15 a.m. in 30C1 to 
discuss the transportation model.  Now that we have had several traders 
managing transportation positions for several months, I would like to discuss 
any issues you have with the way the model works.   I have asked Zimin Lu 
(Research), Mark Breese and John Griffith (Structuring) to attend so they 
will be available to answer any technical questions.   The point of this 
meeting is to get all issues out in the open and make sure everyone is 
comfortable with using the model and position manager, and to make sure those 
who are managing the books believe in the model's results.   Since I have 
heard a few concerns, I hope you will take advantage of this opportunity to 
discuss them.

Please let me know if you are unable to attend.

Colleen,

 I am out ot the office on Friday, but Keith Holst will attend.  He has been 
managing the Transport on the west desk.

Phillip

Lucy,

 Now that #44 is rented and you have settled in for a couple of months, we 
need to focus on expenses and recordkeeping.

 First, I want to implement the following changes:

  1.  No Overtime without my written (or email) instructions.
  2.  Daily timesheets for you and Wade faxed to me daily
  3.  Paychecks will be issued each Friday by me at the State Bank
  4.  No more expenditures on office or landscape than is necessary for basic 
operations.

 Moving on to the checkbook, I have attached a spreadsheet that organizes all 
the checks since Jan. 1.
 When you open the file, go to the "Checkbook" tab and look at the yellow 
highlighted items.  I have questions about these items.
 Please gather receipts so we can discuss.

Phillip

Ina,

 How many times do you think Jeff wants to get this message.  Please help

Phillip
	
	

Please have Phillip or John L approve.  thanks.  Jeff
ARSystem@ect.enron.com on 08/07/2000 07:03:23 PM
This request has been pending your approval for 8 days. Please click 
http://itcApps.corp.enron.com/srrs/Approve/Detail.asp?ID=000000000000935&Email
=jeffrey.a.shankman@enron.com to approve the request or contact IRM at 
713-853-5536 if you have any issues.

Request ID          : 000000000000935
Request Create Date : 7/27/00 2:15:23 PM
Requested For       : paul.t.lucci@enron.com
Resource Name       : EOL US NatGas US GAS PHY FWD FIRM Non-Texas < or = 1 
Month
Resource Type       : Applications

Ina,
 I keep getting these security requests that I cannot approve.  Please take 
care of this.

Phillip

ARSystem@ect.enron.com on 08/08/2000 07:17:38 AM
Please review and act upon this request. You have received this email because 
the requester specified you as their Manager. Please click 
http://itcApps.corp.enron.com/srrs/Approve/Detail.asp?ID=000000000001282&Email
=phillip.k.allen@enron.com to approve th

Request ID          : 000000000001282
Request Create Date : 8/8/00 9:15:59 AM
Requested For       : frank.ermis@enron.com
Resource Name       : Market Data Telerate Basic Energy
Resource Type       : Applications

How about 3:30

What are your skills?  Why do you want to be on a trading desk?

	
	

Lucy,

 I didn't get a fax with the July bank statement on Friday.  Can you refax it 
to 713 646 2391

Phillip

Chris Gaskill@ENRON
08/04/2000 03:13 PM
Attached is the link to the site that we reviewed in today's meeting.  The 
site is a work in progress, so please forward your comments.  

http://gasfundy.dev.corp.enron.com/

Chris

Hunter,

Are you watching Alberto?  Do you have Yahoo Messenger or Hear Me turned on?

Phillip

can you build something to look at historical prices from where we saved 
curves each night.

Here is an example that pulls socal only.
Improvements could include a drop down menu to choose any curve and a choice 
of index,gd, or our curves.

John,

The only long term deal in the west that you could put prudency against is 
the PGT transport until 2023

Phillip

Lucy,

 I will call you this afternoon to discuss the things in your email.

Phillip

please add mike grigsby to distribution

George,

 I received the drawings.  They look good at first glance.  I will look at 
them in depth this weekend.  The proforma was in the winmail.dat format which 
I cannot open.  Please resend in excel or a pdf format.  If you will send it 
to pallen70@hotmail.com, I will be able to look at it this weekend.  Does 
this file have a timeline for the investment dollars?  I just want to get a 
feel for when you will start needing money.  

 
Phillip

Michael Etringer

07/26/2000 08:32 AM

I am sending off a follow-up to a bid I submitted to Clark County PUD.  They 
have requested term pricing for Stanfield on a volume of 17,000.  Could you 
give me a basis for the period :

Sept -00 - May 31, 2006
Sept-00 - May 31, 2008

Since I assume you do not keep a Stanfield basis, but rather a basis off 
Malin or Rockies, it would probably make sense to show the basis as an 
adjustment to one of these point.  Also, what should the Mid - Offer Spread 
be on these terms.

Thanks, Mike

Wade,

 I understood your number one priority was to deal with your vehicle 
situation.  You need to take care of it this week.  Lucy can't hold the 
tenants to a standard (vehicles must be in running order with valid stickers) 
if the staff doesn't live up to it.  If you decide to buy a small truck and 
you want to list me as an employer for credit purposes, I will vouch for your 
income.

Phillip

the merlin ct. address is still good.  I don't know why the mailing would be 
returned.  

Here is the 1st draft of a wish list for systems.

Skipping Stone <ss4@skpstnhouston.com> on 07/18/2000 06:06:28 PM
skipping stone animation
Have you seen us lately? 

Come see what's new

www.skippingstone.com
Energy Experts Consulting to the Energy Industry
! 

11:15 today still works.

fyi  CIG

	

FYI

Attached are initial comments of ENA which will be filed Monday in the Order 
637 Compliance Filings of the indicated pipelines.  (Columbia is Columbia 
Gas.)  For all other pipelines on the priority list, we filed plain 
interventions.

Please extend all internal gas traders view access to the new El Paso Blanco 
Avg physical NG product.

Tori Kuykendahl and Jane Tholt should both have administrative access to 
manage this on EOL.

If you have any questions, please call me on 3-7041

Thanks,

Phillip Allen

Kay,

 I will be down that weekend, but I am not sure about the rest of the family.
All is well here.  I will try to bring some pictures if I can't bring the 
real thing.

Keith

Mike--

Here are the net open Socal border positions we have for Elvis and Cactus.  
Let's try and set up a conference call with Phillip and John to talk about 
their offers at the back-end of their curves.

Roughly speaking, we are looking at a nominal 3750 MMBtu/d for 14 years from 
May 2010 on Elvis, and 3000 MMBtu/d on Cactus fromJune 2004 to April 2022. 

Andy

Paula,

 I looked over the plan.  It looks fine.

Phillip

	
	

Sorry, I didn't attach the form.  There is one for Associates and one for 
Analyst.

	
	

Hey Phillip,
I received your note from Celeste.  I am the ENA Staffing Coordinator and 
need for you to fill out the attached Needs Assessment form before I can send 
you any resumes.  Also, would you be interested in the new class?  Analysts 
start with the business units on Aug. 3rd and Assoc. start on Aug. 28th.  We 
are starting to place the Associates and would like to see if you are 
interested.  Please let me know.  

Once I receive the Needs Assessment back (and you let me know if you can wait 
a month,) I will be happy to pull a couple of resumes for your review.  If 
you have any questions, please let me know.  Thanks.
	
	

I believe Phillip Allen is from ENA.

Dolores
	
	

Celeste,

 I need two assoc./analyst for the west gas trading desk.  Can you help?
 I also left you a voice mail.

Phillip
x37041

	
	

Please note that John Lavorato has scheduled a Systems Meeting on Tuesday, 
July 18, from 2:00 - 3:00 p.m. in EB3321.

Please call me at x30681 if you have any questions.  

Thanks

Kim Hillis

Celeste,

 I need two assoc./analyst for the west gas trading desk.  Can you help?
 I also left you a voice mail.

Phillip
x37041

How about Tuesday at 11:15 in front of the building?

please add mike grigsby to distribution list.

testing

Sent by: Kimberly Hillis
This is to confirm a meeting for tomorrow, Tuesday, July 11 at 2:00 pm.  
Please reference the meeting as Systems Meeting and also note that there will 
be a follow up meeting.   The meeting will be held in EB3321.  

Call Kim Hillis at x30681 if you have any questions.

k

Scott Neal
07/10/2000 01:19 PM
Jason Moore
06/26/2000 10:44 AM
Attached please find a spreadsheet containing a list of natural gas customers 
in the Global Counterparty database.  These are all active counterparties, 
although we may not be doing any business with them currently.  If you have 
any questions, please feel free to call me at x33198.

Jason Moore

Ina,
 Please sign me up for this course whenever Hunter is signed up. Thanks

Enclosed is the cost breakdown for the appraiser.  Note that the
construction management fee (CMF) is stated at 12.5% rather than our
standard rate of 10%.  This will increase cost and with a loan to cost ratio
of 75%, this will increase the loan amount and reduce required cash equity.

Also, we are quite confident that the direct unit and lot improvement costs
are high.  Therefore, we should have some additional room once we have
actual bids, as The Met project next door is reported to have cost $49 psf
without overhead or CMF, which is $54-55 with CMF.

It appears that the cash equity will be $1,784,876.  However, I am fairly
sure that we can get this project done with $1.5MM.

I hope to finish the proforma today.  The rental rates that we project are
$1250 for the 3 ADA units, $1150-1200 for the 2 bedroom and $1425 for the 3
bedroom.  Additional revenues could be generated by building detached
garages, which would rent for $50-75 per month.

 - winmail.dat

Al,

I am not in good enough shape to ride a century right now.  Plus I'm nursing 
some injuries.  I can do lunch this week or next, let's pick a day.

Phillip

Brenda,

 The word document attached is a notice/consent form for the sale.  The excel 
file is an amortization table for the note.
You can use the Additional Principal Reduction to record prepayments.  Please 
email me back to confirm receipt.

Phillip

Jeff,

 I have spoken to Brenda and everything looks good.  Matt Lutz was supposed 
to email me some language but I did not receive it.  I don't have his # so 
can you follow up.  When is the estimated closing date.  Let me know what 
else I need to be doing.

Phillip

gary,

 thanks for the info.

Anytime after 3 p.m.

Tim,
 Matt sent you a email with his attempt to organize some of the cems and wscc 
data.  Tim H. expressed concern over the reliability of the wscc data.  I 
don't know if we should scrap the wscc or just keep monitoring in case it 
improves.  Let me know what you think.

Phillip

What are my choices for dates?
David W Delainey
06/29/2000 10:48 AM
Folks, you are the remaining officers of ENA that have not yet enrolled in 
this mandated training program.  It is ENA's goal to have all its officers 
through the program before the end of calendar year 2000.  The course has 
received very high marks for effectiveness.  Please take time now to enroll 
in the program. Speak to your HR representative if you need help getting 
signed up.

Regards
Delainey

Lucy,

I got your email.  I didn't have time to finish it.  I will read it this 
weekend and ask my dad about the a/c's.  I am glad you are enjoying
the job.  This weekend I will mark up the lease and rules.  If I didn't 
mention this when I was there, the 4th is a paid holiday for you and Wade.  
Have a good weekend and I will talk to you next week.

Phillip

What is GIS info?  Can you do this?

Sent by: Kay Chapman
This is a reminder !!!  If you haven't taken the time to update your GIS 
information, please do so.  It is essential that this function be performed 
as soon as possible. Please read the following memo sent to you a few days 
ago and if you have any questions regarding this request, please feel free to 
call Ted Bland @ 3-5275.

With Enron's rapid growth we need to maintain an ability to move employees 
between operating companies and new ventures.  To do this it is essential to 
have one process that will enable us to collect , update and retain employee 
data.  In the spirit of One Enron, and building on the success of the 
year-end Global VP/MD Performance Review Process, the  Enron VP/MD PRC 
requests that all Enron Vice Presidents and Managing Directors update their 
profiles. Current responsibilities, employment history, skills and education 
need to be completed  via the HR Global Information System.  HRGIS is 
accessible via the HRWEB home page on the intranet.  Just go to 
hrweb.enron.com and look for the HRGIS link.  Or just type eglobal.enron.com 
on the command line of your browser.

The target date by which to update these profiles is 7 July.  If you would 
like to have a hard copy of a template that could be filled out and returned 
for input, or If you need any assistance with the HRGIS application please 
contact Kathy Schultea at x33841.  

Your  timely response to this request is greatly appreciated.   

Thanks,

Dave

TIM HEIZENRADER
06/27/2000 11:35 AM
Charts for today's meeting are attached: 

Faith,

 Regarding the 2001 plan, the members of the west desk are as follows:

 Name   Title
 
 Trading
 Phillip Allen  VP
 Mike Grigsby  Director
 Keith Holst  Manager(possible Director)
 Janie Tholt  Director
 Steve South  Director
 Frank Ermis  Manager
 Tori Kuykendall  Manager
 Matt Lenhart  Analyst(possible associate)
 Monique Sanchez Commercial Support Manager
 Jay Reitmeyer  Senior Specialist
 Ina Rangel  Assistant (split costs with middle market)

 Marketing

 Barry Tycholiz  Director
 Mark Whitt  Director
 Paul Lucci  Manager (possible Director)
 2-3 TBD

Do I need to give you the names of our operations group?

Special Pays-  I believe Mike Grigsby has a retention payment due this year.  
Also we should budget for another $150,000 of special payments.

I know you have been working with Barry T.  if his headcount is different on 
the Marketing staff use his numbers.  Let me know if there is anything else 
you need.

Phillip

 

Zimin Lu
06/14/2000 07:09 AM
Mark,

We are currently back-testing the storage model. 
The enclosed version contains deltas and decision 
variable. 

You mentioned that you have resources to run the model. Please do so.
This will help us to gain experience with the market vs the
model.

I am going to distribute an article by Caminus, an software vendor.
The article illustrates the optionality associated with storage operation
very well.  The Enron Research storage model  is a lot like that, although 
implementation may be
different.  

Let me know if you have any questions.

Zimin

is your voice healed or are you going to use a real time messenger?

no

Dear Phillip,

Frogger is leaving shockwave.com soon...

Save it to your Shockmachine now! 

Every frog has his day - games, too. Frogger had a great run as an 
arcade classic, but it is leaving the shockwave.com pond soon. The 
good news is that you can download it to your Shockmachine and 
own it forever! 

Don't know about Shockmachine? You can download Shockmachine for free 
and save all of your downloadable favorites to play off-line, 
full-screen, whenever you want. 

Download Frogger by noon, PST on June 30th, while it's still on 
the site! 

the shockwave.com team 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
Unsubscribe Instructions 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
Sure you want to unsubscribe and stop receiving E-mail from us? All 
right... click here: 
http://shockwave1.m0.net/m/u/shk/s.asp?e=pallen%40enron.com

#27279

 

Phil or Paul:

Please forward this note to Torrey Moorer or Tara Sweitzer in the EOL 
department.  It must be sent by you.  

Per this request, we are asking that all financial deals on EOL be bridged 
over to the FT-Denver book instead of the physical ENA IM-Denver book.

Thanks in advance.

Mick Walters
3-4783
EB3299d

Scott,

 I emailed your question to a friend that works for the new company.  I think 
I know the answer to your questions but I want to get the exact details from 
him.  Basically, they will offer energy  online at a fixed price or some 
price that undercuts the current provider.  Then once their sales are large 
enough they will go to the wholesale market to hedge and lock in a profit.  
The risk is that they have built in enough margin to give them room to manage 
the price risk.  This is my best guess.  I will get back to you with more.

Phillip

Lucy,

 I want to speak to Wade myself.  He can call me at work or home. Or if you 
email me his number I will call him.  
 I would like Gary to direct Wade on renovation tasks and you can give him 
work orders for normal maintenance.

 I will call you tomorrow to discuss items from the office.  Do you need Mary 
to come in on any more Fridays?  I think I 
 can guess your answer.

 I might stop by this Friday.

Phillip

http://ectpdx-sunone.ect.enron.com/~theizen/wsccnav/

	
	

It is a shame that the CAISO doesn't provide actual generation by unit.  The 
WSCC data, which is dicey and we don't have until July 1999, and the CEMMS, 
which comes on a delay, are ultimately our best sources.  For your purposes 
the CAISO may suffice.  I think that you probably know this already, but 
there can be a siginificant difference between "scheduled" and "actual" 
generation.  You are pulling "scheduled."  If someone doesn't schedule their 
generation and then generates, either instructed or uninstructed, then you 
will miss that.  You may also miss generation of the northern california 
munis such as smud who only schedule their net load to the caiso.  That is, 
if they have 1500 MW of load and 1200 MW of generation, they may simply 
schedule 300 MW of load and sc transfers or imports of 300 MW.  Having said 
all of that, it is probably close enough and better than your alternatives on 
the generation side.

On the load side I think that I would simply use CAISO actual load.  While 
they don't split out NP15 from SP15, I think that using the actual number is 
better than the "scheduled" number.  The utilities play lots of game on the 
load side, usually under-scheduling depending on price.

I think the presentation looks good.  It would be useful to share this with 
others up here once you have it finished.  I'd like to see how much gas 
demand goes up with each additional GW of gas-generated electricity, 
especially compared to all gas consumption.  I was surprised by how small the 
UEG consumption was compared to other uses.  If it is the largest marginal 
consumer then it is obviously a different story.

Let's talk.

Check out NP Gen & Load.  (aMW)

Please review the attached draft Enron comments in response to the San Diego 
request for natural gas price caps.  The comments reflect Becky Cantrell's 
comments (which are reflected in red line).  Please respond to me as soon as 
possible with your comments, and please pass it on to anyone else who needs 
to see it.

Thanks

Sarah

Faith,

 Regarding the 2001 plan, the members of the west desk are as follows:

 Name   Title
 
 Trading
 Phillip Allen  VP
 Mike Grigsby  Director
 Keith Holst  Manager(possible Director)
 Janie Tholt  Director
 Steve South  Director
 Frank Ermis  Manager
 Tori Kuykendall  Manager
 Matt Lenhart  Analyst(possible associate)
 Monique Sanchez Commercial Support Manager
 Jay Reitmeyer  Senior Specialist
 Ina Rangel  Assistant (split costs with middle market)

 Marketing

 Barry Tycholiz  Director
 Mark Whitt  Director
 Paul Lucci  Manager (possible Director)
 2-3 TBD

Do I need to give you the names of our operations group?

Special Pays-  I believe Mike Grigsby has a retention payment due this year.  
Also we should budget for another $150,000 of special payments.

I know you have been working with Barry T.  if his headcount is different on 
the Marketing staff use his numbers.  Let me know if there is anything else 
you need.

Phillip

 

	
	

http://ecthou-webcl1.nt.ect.enron.com/gas/
       
All the gas reports are under west desk

Call Brian Hoskins for a password

	
	

http://ecthou-webcl1.nt.ect.enron.com/gas/
       
All the gas reports are under west desk

Call Brian Hoskins for a password

http://ecthou-webcl1.nt.ect.enron.com/gas/
       
All the gas reports are under west desk

Call Brian Hoskins for a password

Felix,

Network:
 login pallen
 pw ke7davis

Notes:
 pw synergi

My location is 3210B.

Phillip

Lucy,

 Click on this attachment to see the format to record expenses.  You can keep 
a log on paper or on the computer.  The computer would be better for sending 
me updates.

  

What do you think about being open until noon on Saturday.  This might be 
more convenient for collecting rent and showing open apartments.
We can adjust office hours on another day.

Phillip

Jeff,

 I will respond to the offer on Monday.  There is a $35 Million expansion 
adding 250 jobs in Burnet.  I am tempted to hold for $3000/acre.  Owner 
financing would still work.   Do you have an opinion?

Phillip

Al,

I was glad to hear from you.  I hope we can put the past behind us.  Sounds 
like you have been busy.  Congratulations on the new baby.  Judging from your 
email all is well with you.   That's great.  

We did have another girl in December, (Evelyn Grace).  Three is it for us.  
What's your target?  The other two are doing well.  Soccer, T-ball, and bike 
riding keeps them busy.  They could use some of Cole's coordination.

My fitness program is not as intense as yours right now.  I am just on 
maintenance.  You will be surprised to hear that Hunter is a fanatical 
cyclist.  We have been riding to work twice a week for the last few months.  
He never misses, rain or shine.  Sometimes we even hit the trails in Memorial 
Park on Saturdays.   Mountain biking is not as hard as a 50 mile trip on the 
road.  I would like to dust off my road bike and go for a ride some Saturday.

I would like to hear more about your new job.  Maybe we could grab lunch 
sometime.  

Phillip

	
	

Phillip--
I've noticed one thing on your intra-month transport p&l that looks strange 
to me.  Remember that I do not know the Northwest at all, so this may not be 
an issue, but I'll point it out and let you decide.  Let me know if this is 
O.K. as is, so I'll know to ignore it in the future.  Also, if you want me to 
get with Kim and the Sitara people to change the mapping, let me know and 
I'll take care of it..

On PG&E NW, it appears that PGEN Kingsgate is mapped to a Malin Citygate 
curve instead of a Kingsgate curve, resulting in a total transport loss of 
$235,019.   
(If the mapping were changed, it should just reallocate p&l--not change your 
overall p&l.)  Maybe there is a reason for this mapping or maybe it affects 
something else somewhere that I am not seeing, but anyway, here are the Deal 
#'s, paths and p&l impacts of each.
  139195  From Kingsgate to Malin     ($182,030)
  139196 From Kingsgate to PGEN/Tuscarora   ($    4,024)
  139197  From Kingsgate to PGEN Malin    ($    8,271)
  231321  From Kingsgate to Malin     ($  38,705)
  153771 From Kingsgate to Stanfield    ($     1,988)
 Suggested fix:  Change PGEN Kingsgate mapping from GDP-Malin Citygate to 
GDP-Kingsgate.

 Clay Basin storage--this is really a FYI more than anything else--I see five 
different tickets in Sitara for Clay Basin activity--one appears to be for 
withdrawals and the other four are injections.  Clay Basin is valued as a 
Questar curve, which is substantially below NWPL points.  What this means is 
that any time you are injecting gas, these tickets will show transport 
losses; each time you are withdrawing, you will show big gains on transport.  
I'm not sure of the best way to handle this since we don't really have a 
systematic Sitara way of handling storage deals.  In an ideal world, it seems 
that you would map it the way you have it today, but during injection times, 
the transport cost would pass through as storage costs.  Anyway, here's the 
detail on the tickets just for your info, plus I noticed three days where it 
appears we were both withdrawing and injecting from Clay Basin.  There may be 
an operational reason why this occurred that I'm not aware of, and the dollar 
impact is very small, but I thought I'd bring it to your attention just in 
case there's something you want to do about it.  The columns below show the 
volumes under each ticket and the p&L associated with each. 
 
Deal #  251327                  159540                   265229         
106300   201756
P&L  $29,503                ($15,960)                ($3,199)          
($2,769)   ($273)
Rec:   Ques/Clay Basin/0184   NWPL/Opal 543  NWPL/Opal   Sumas      NWPL/S of 
Gr Rvr
Del:   NWPL/S of Green River/Clay   Ques/Clay Basin/0852   Ques/Clay 
Basin/0852   Ques/Clay Basin    Ques/Clay Basin
1        329       8,738
2     1,500
3         2,974    11,362
4         6,741    12,349       1,439
5       19,052          3,183
9            333
13  30,863       2,680
14  30,451    
15  35,226    
16         6,979              235 
17  17,464     
18    9,294     
20  10,796          771
21  17,930     
22  10,667     
23       14,415          9,076
25  23,934       8,695
26     3,284     
27         1,976
28     1,751     
29     1,591     
30  20,242     

Mary,

If we add both balances together the total is $1,140.  I can spread it over 6 
or 12 months.  6 month payout would be $190/month.  
12 month payout would be $95/month.  Your choice.  I would like it if you 
could work 5/hrs each Friday for another month or so.  Does $10/hr sound 
fair?  We can apply it to the loan.

Phillip

address:    http://ectpdx-sunone.ect.enron.com/~ctatham/navsetup/index.htm

id:   pallen
password:  westgasx

George, 

The other files opened fine, but I can't open winmail.dat files.  Can you 
resend this one in a pdf format.?

Thanks,

Phillip

Lucy,
 I am going to be in Seguin this Saturday through Monday.  We can talk about 
a unit for Wade then.  I will call the bank again today to resolve 
authorization on the account.  Lets keep the office open until noon on 
Memorial day.

Philllip

Lucy,

 Did you get set up on the checking account?  Try and email me every day with 
a note about what happened that day.
 Just info about new vacancies or tenants and which apartments you and wade 
worked on each day.  

Phillip

This note is authorization to make the following changes:

1.  Set up a new book for Frank Ermis-NW Basis

2.  Route these products to NW Basis:
 NWPL RkyMtn
 Malin
 PG&E Citygate

3. Route EPNG Permian to Todd Richardson's book FT-New Texas

Call with questions. X37041

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

												
												
										[IMAGE]		
											
											
											Natural Gas Transporation Contract Information and Pipeline Notices
											Delivered to Your Desktop
												
									http://www.capacitycenter.com 			
			[IMAGE]									
						[IMAGE]						
				[IMAGE]								
						[IMAGE]						
			[IMAGE]									
						[IMAGE]						
						[IMAGE]						
						[IMAGE]						
			[IMAGE]									
						[IMAGE]				Register Now and Sign Up For A Free Trial
										Through The End Of May Bid Week
										 
										
										Capacity Shopper: Learn about capacity release that is posted to bid. Pick up 
some transport at a good price or explore what releases are out there....it 
can affect gas prices!
										Daily Activity Reports: Check out the deals that were done! What did your 
competitors pick up, and how do their deals match up against yours? This 
offers you better market intelligence!
										System Notices: Have System Notices delivered to your desk. Don't be the last 
one to learn about an OFO because you were busy doing something else!
										
										[IMAGE]
										
										Capacity Shopper And Daily Activity Reports
										Have Improved Formats
										
										You choose the pipelines you want and we'll keep you posted via email on all 
the details! 
										Check out this example of a Daily Activity Report.
										
										Coming Soon:
										A Statistical Snapshot on Capacity Release
										
										
										Don't miss this member-only opportunity to see a quick snapshot of the 
activity on all 48 interstate gas pipelines.
												
											This message has been sent to a select group of Industry Professionals, if 
you do not wish to receive future notices, please Reply to this e-mail with 
"Remove" in the subject line.	
								Copyright 2000 - CapacityCenter.com, Inc. - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED				

Jeff,

 I would consider owner financing depending on:

  Established developer/individual/general credit risk

  What are they going to do with the land

  Rate/Term/Downpayment 25%
 
 Let me know.

Phillip
 

	
	

Bruce Sukaly@ENRON
05/18/2000 08:20 AM
To make a long story short.

Williams is long 4000MW of tolling in SP15 (SoCal )  for 20 years (I know I 
did the deal)
on Tuesday afternoon, Williams sold 1000 MW to Merrill Lynch for the 
remaining life (now 18 years)

Merrill is short fixed price gas at So Cal border  up to 250,000MMBtu a day 
and long SP15 power (1000 MW) a day.

heat rate 10,500  SoCal Border plus $0.50.

I'm not sure if MRL has just brokered this deal or is warehousing it.

For what its worth........

Dawn,

I received your email with p&l's.  Please continue to send them daily.

Thank you,
Phillip

No one will be home on 5/11/00 to meet DSL installers.  Need to reschedule to 
the following week.  Also, my PC at home has Windows 95.  Is this a problem? 

Call with questions. X37041.

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

Laird Dyer
04/27/2000 01:17 PM
Mike McDonald and I met with SW Gas this morning.  They were polite regarding 
asset management and procurement function outsourcing and are willing to 
listen to a proposal.  However, they are very interested in weather hedges to 
protect throughput related earnings.  We are pursuing a confidentiality 
agreement with them to facilitate the sharing of information that will enable 
us to develop proposals.  Our pitch was based upon enhancing shareholder 
value by outsourcing a non-profit and costly function (procurement) and by 
reducing the volatility of their earnings by managing throughput via a 
weather product.

As to your other question.  We have yet to identify or pursue other 
candidates; however, Mike McDonald and I are developing a coverage strategy 
to ensure that we meet with all potential entities and investigate our 
opportunities.  We met with 8 entities this week (7 Municipals and SWG) as we 
implement our strategy in California.

Are there any entities that you think would be interested in an asset 
management deal that we should approach?  Otherwise, we intend to 
systematically identify and work through all the candidates. 

Laird

Laird,

 Did you meet with SWG on April 27th.  Are there any other asset management 
targets in the west?

Jane M Tholt
04/12/2000 08:45 AM
Laird Dyer
04/12/2000 08:17 AM
Janie,

Thanks for the fax on SW Gas.

We are meeting with Larry Black, Bob Armstrong & Ed Zub on April 27th to 
discuss asset management.  In preparation for that meeting we would like to 
gain an understanding of the nature of our business relationship with SW.  
Could you, in general terms, describe our sales activities with SW.  What are 
typical quantities and term on sales?  Are there any services we provide?  
How much pipeline capacity do we buy or sell to them?  Who are your main 
contacts at SW Gas?

We will propose to provide a full requirements supply to SW involving our 
control of their assets.  For this to be attractive to SW, we will probably 
have to take on their regulatory risk on gas purchase disallowance with the 
commissions.  This will be difficult as there is no clear mandate from their 
commissions as to what an acceptable portfolio (fixed, indexed, collars....) 
should look like.  Offering them a guaranteed discount to the 1st of month 
index may not be attractive unless we accept their regulatory risk.  That 
risk may not be acceptable to the desk.  I will do some investigation of 
their PGA's and see if there is an opportunity.

As to the asset management:  do you have any preference on structure?  Are 
there elements that you would like to see?  Any ideas at all would be greatly 
appreciated.

Thanks,

Laird

Phillip, How are you today I am very busy but I have to let you know that #37 
I.Knockum is pd up untill 11/17/00 because on 10/26/00 she pd 250.00 so i 
counted and tat pays her up untill 10/26/ or did i count wrong?
Lucy says:
she pays 125.00 a week but she'sgoing on vacation so thjat is why she pd more
Lucy says:
I have all the deposit ready but she isn't due on this roll I just wanted to 
tell you because you might think she didn't pay or something
Lucy says:
the amnt is:4678.00 I rented #23 aand #31 may be gone tonight I have been 
putting in some overtime trying to rent something out i didnt leave last 
night untill 7:00 and i have to wait for someone tonight that works late.
phillip says:
send me the rentroll when you can
phillip says:
Did I tell you that I am going to try and be there this Fri & Sat
Lucy says:
no you didn't tell me that you were going to be here but wade told me this 
morning I sent you the roll did you get it? Did you need me here this weekend 
because I have a sweet,sixteen I'm getting ready for and if you need me here 
Sat,then I will get alot done before then.
phillip says:
We can talk on Friday
Lucy says:
okay see ya later bye.
Lucy says:
I sent you the roll did you get it ?
phillip says:
yes thank you
 
 The following message could not be delivered to all recipients:
yes thank you
 

Kay & Neal,

Thanks for remembering my birthday.  You beat my parents by one day.  

The family is doing fine.  Grace is really smiling.  She is a very happy baby 
as long as she is being held.

It sounds like your house is coming along fast.  I think my folks are ready 
to start building.  

We will probably visit in late June or July.  May is busy.  We are taking the 
kids to Disney for their birthdays.

Good luck on the house.

Keith

TIM HEIZENRADER
04/25/2000 11:43 AM
Today's charts are attached: 

TIM HEIZENRADER
04/25/2000 11:43 AM
Today's charts are attached: 

2000-1969=31

Mary,

I spoke to Gary about the foundation work on #2 & #3.  He agreed that it 
would be better to just clean up #3 and do whatever he and Wade can do to 
#2.  Then they can just focus on #19.  I worked on the books this weekend but 
I need more time to finish.  I will call you in a day or so.

Phillip

Here is my DSL form.

Thanks for your help. My assistant is Ina Rangel.

	
	

Hello Men-

I have attached my worksheet in case you want to review the data while I am 
on holiday.

Thanks,

Julie  :-)

	
	

Hello Men-

I have attached my worksheet in case you want to review the data while I am 
on holiday.

Thanks,

Julie  :-)

Beth,

Here are our addresses for DSL lines:

Hunter Shively
10545 Gawain
Houston, TX 77024
713 461-4130

Phillip Allen
8855 Merlin Ct
Houston, TX 77055
713 463-8626

Mike Grigsby
6201 Meadow Lake
Houston, TX 77057
713 780-1022

Thanks

Phillip

Ina,

 Where can we put Barry T.?

Phillip

Barry Tycholiz
11/13/2000 08:06 AM
I will be relocating to 32 effective Dec. 4.  Can you have me set up with all 
the required equipment including, PC ( 2 Flat screens), Telephone, and cell 
phone. Talk to Phillip regarding where to set my seat up for right now. 

Thanks in advance. . 

Barry 

If there are any questions... Give me a call.  ( 403-) 245-3340.

 

Are we going to inspect tomorrow?

mac,

We will be there on the 9th and I will bring the paperwork.

phillip

Mac,

I checked into executing my options with Smith Barney.  Bad news.  Enron has 
an agreement with Paine Webber that is exclusive.  Employees don't have the 
choice of where to exercise.  I still would like to get to the premier 
service account, but I will have to transfer the money.  

Hopefully this will reach you.

Phillip

Jeff,

Could we set up an inspection for this Friday at 2:00?

Listing for Burnet is in the mail

Phillip

tara,

Please grant access to manage financial products to the following:

 Janie Tholt
 Frank Ermis
 Steve South
 Tory Kuykendall
 Matt Lenhart
 Randy Gay

We are making markets on one day gas daily swaps.  Thank you.

Phillip Allen

Mary,

Go ahead and work with Gary to get a new fridge for #8.  

I am going to try and come down this Saturday.

Talk to you later.

Phillip

Tim Heizenrader
03/23/2000 08:09 AM
Slides from this week's strategy session are attached: 

Mark,

 Thank you for the offer, but I am not doing the ride this year.  
 Good luck.

Phillip

	
	

Please plan on attending a meeting on Thursday, March 23 at 11:15 am in Room 
3127.  This meeting will be brief.  I would like to take the time to 
introduce Bhavna Pandya, and get some input from you on various projects she 
will be assisting us with.  Thank you.

Stephane,

 Can you create an e-mail list to distribute your reports everyday to the 
west desk?
Or put them on a common drive?  We can do the same with our reports.   List 
should include:

 Phillip Allen
 Mike Grigsby
 Keith Holst
 Frank Ermis
 Steve South
 Janie Tholt
 Tory Kuykendall
 Matt Lenhart
 Randy Gay

Thanks.

Phillip

George,

 Just a note to check in.  Are there any new developments?  

Phillip

http://ectpdx-sunone/~ctatham/navsetup/index.htm

id   pallen
pw  westgasx

highly sensitive do not distribute

Stephane Brodeur
03/16/2000 07:06 AM
As requested by John, here's the map and the forecast...
Call me if you have any questions (403) 974-6756.

Mary 

I was out of the office on friday.

I will call you about wade later today

Philip

Stephane Brodeur
03/16/2000 07:06 AM
As requested by John, here's the map and the forecast...
Call me if you have any questions (403) 974-6756.

socal position

This is short, but is it good enough?

David,

I have been receiving your updates.  Either I forgot my password or do not 
have one.  Can you check?

Phillip Allen
Enron
713-853-7041

	
	

We have room EB3014 from 3 - 4 pm on Wednesday.

WK

re: window unit check with gary about what kind he wants to install

	
	

We have room EB3014 from 3 - 4 pm on Wednesday.

WK

	
	

Will,

Here is a list of the top items we need to work on to improve the position 
and p&l reporting for the west desk.
My underlying goal is to create position managers and p&l reports that 
represent all the risk held by the desk
and estimate p&l with great accuracy.

Let's try and schedule a meeting for this Wednesday to go over the items 
above.

Phillip
 

Faith,

 Regarding the 2001 plan, the members of the west desk are as follows:

 Name   Title
 
 Trading
 Phillip Allen  VP
 Mike Grigsby  Director
 Keith Holst  Manager(possible Director)
 Janie Tholt  Director
 Steve South  Director
 Frank Ermis  Manager
 Tori Kuykendall  Manager
 Matt Lenhart  Analyst(possible associate)
 Monique Sanchez Commercial Support Manager
 Jay Reitmeyer  Senior Specialist
 Ina Rangel  Assistant (split costs with middle market)

 Marketing

 Barry Tycholiz  Director
 Mark Whitt  Director
 Paul Lucci  Manager (possible Director)
 2-3 TBD

Do I need to give you the names of our operations group?

Special Pays-  I believe Mike Grigsby has a retention payment due this year.  
Also we should budget for another $150,000 of special payments.

I know you have been working with Barry T.  if his headcount is different on 
the Marketing staff use his numbers.  Let me know if there is anything else 
you need.

Phillip

 

Will,

Here is a list of the top items we need to work on to improve the position 
and p&l reporting for the west desk.
My underlying goal is to create position managers and p&l reports that 
represent all the risk held by the desk
and estimate p&l with great accuracy.

Let's try and schedule a meeting for this Wednesday to go over the items 
above.

Phillip
 

Go ahead and level the floor in #2.  

Steve,

Please remove Bob Shiring and Liz Rivera from rc #768.  

Thank you

Phillip Allen

Go ahead and order the ac for #27.  
Can you email or fax a summary of all rents collected from August through 
December.  I need this to finish my tax return.
I have all the expense data but not rent collection.  Fax number is 
713-646-3239.

Thank you,

Phillip

Anymore details?  Is the offer above or below 675?

What else do you have in a clean 11cap in a good location with room to expand?

$100 for the yard seems like enough for up to 12.5 hours.  How long did it 
take him?  I think $100 should be enough. 

Use Page Setup under the File menu to change  from Portrait to Landscape if 
you want to change from printing vertically 
to printing horizontally.  Also try selecting Fit to one page if you want 
your print out to be on only one page.  Use Print preview
to see what your print out will look like before you print.

The truck might need new sparkplugs at around 120,000-125,000 miles.  A valve 
adjustment might do some good.  It has idled very high
for the last 25,000 miles, but it has never broken down.

Glad to hear about the good deposit for this week.  Great job on February.

Phillip

The file is updated and renamed as Gas Basis Mar 00.  

Tim Heizenrader
03/03/2000 07:25 AM
Slides from yesterday's meeting are attached: 

It is ok to let the deposit rollover on #13 if there is no interruption in 
rent.

Ina Rangel
11/03/2000 11:53 AM
Phillip,

Here is your hotel itinerary for Monday night.

-Ina
SHERRI SORRELS <ssorrels_vitoltvl@yahoo.com> on 11/03/2000 01:52:21 PM
                                                   SALES AGT: JS/ZBATUD

                                          ALLEN/PHILLIP

  ENRON
  1400 SMITH
  HOUSTON TX 77002
  INA RANGEL X37257

  DATE:  NOV 03 2000                   ENRON

HOTEL                 06NOV DOUBLETREE DURANGO
                      07NOV 501 CAMINO DEL RIO
                            DURANGO, CO 81301
                            TELEPHONE: (970) 259-6580
                            CONFIRMATION: 85110885
                            REFERENCE: D1KRAC
                            RATE: RAC USD 89.00 PER NIGHT
GHT
                            ADDITIONAL CHARGES MAY APPLY

                                        INVOICE TOTAL                  0

THANK YOU
***********************************************
**48 HR CANCELLATION REQUIRED**
                  THANK YOU FOR CALLING VITOL TRAVEL

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
From homework help to love advice, Yahoo! Experts has your answer.
http://experts.yahoo.com/

Dear Phillip, 

7th Portal is a super hero action/adventure, featuring a global band 
of teenage game testers who get pulled into a parallel universe 
(through the 7th Portal) created through a warp in the Internet. The 
fate of the earth and the universe is in their hands as they fight 
Mongorr the Merciful -- the evil force in the universe. 

The legendary Stan Lee, creator of Spiderman and the Incredible Hulk, 
brings us "Let the Game Begin," episode #1 of 7th Portal -- a new 
series exclusively on shockwave.com. 

- the shockwave.com team 

===================== Advertisement ===================== 
Don't miss RollingStone.com! Watch Daily Music News. Download MP3s. 
Read album reviews. Get the scoop on 1000s of artists, including 
exclusive photos, bios, song clips & links. Win great prizes & MORE. 
http://ads07.focalink.com/SmartBanner/page?16573.37-%n
===================== Advertisement ===================== 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
Unsubscribe Instructions 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
Sure you want to unsubscribe and stop receiving E-mail from us? All 
right... click here: 
http://shockwave1.m0.net/m/u/shk/s.asp?e=pallen%40enron.com

#17094
 

Imelda,

Please switch my sitara access from central to west and email me with my 
password.

thank you,

Phillip

Try again.  The attachment was not attached.

Mary,

 I transferred $10,000 out of the checking account on Monday 2/28/00.  I will 
call you Monday or Tuesday to see what is new.

Phillip

Jeff,

 Let's just close on March 1.

Phillip

Did any of you order this
JEn

?

PIRA focuses on the  California/Southwest Region in its study of Natural Ga=
s=20
Pipeline  Infrastructure

PIRA  Energy Group announces the continuation of its new multi-client study=
,=20
The  Price of Reliability: The Value and Strategy of Gas  Transportation.

The Price of Reliability, delivered in 6  parts (with each part representin=
g=20
a discrete North American region), offers  insights into the changes and=20
developments in the North American natural gas  pipeline infrastructure. Th=
e=20
updated prospectus, which is attached in PDF and  Word files, outlines PIRA=
's=20
approach and methodology, study deliverables  and?release dates.

This note  is to inform you that PIRA has commenced its study of the third=
=20
region:  California & the Southwest. As in all regions, this  study begins=
=20
with a fundamental view of gas flows in the U.S. and Canada.  Pipelines in=
=20
this region (covering CA, NV, AZ, NM) will be discussed in greater  detail=
=20
within the North American context. Then we turn to the value of =20
transportation at the following three major pricing points with an assessme=
nt=20
of  the primary market (firm), secondary market (basis) and asset market:

??????1) Southern  California border (Topock)
??????2) San Juan  Basin
??????3) Permian  Basin (Waha)?

The California/SW region=01,s  workshop =01* a key element of the service =
=01* will=20
take place on March 20, 2000,at 8:30 AM, at the Arizona Biltmore Hotel in =
=20
Phoenix.?For those of you joining  us, a?discounted  block  of rooms is bei=
ng=20
held through February 25.

The attached prospectus explains the various  options for subscribing.?Plea=
se=20
note  two key issues in regards to your subscribing options:?One, there is =
a=20
10% savings for  PIRA retainer clients who order before February 25, 2000;=
=20
and?two, there are discounts for  purchasing?more than one  region.

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to  contact me.

Sincerely,

Jeff Steele
Manager, Business  Development
PIRA Energy Group
(212) 686-6808
jsteele@pira.com =20

 - PROSPECTUS.PDF
 - PROSPECTUS.doc

tara,

 I received your email about setting up Paul Lucci and Niccole Cortez with 
executable id's.  The rights you set up are fine.
 Thank you for your help.

Phillip

mary,

Are you sure you did the attachment right.  There was no file attached to 
your message.  Please try again.

Phillip

Mary,

 I got your email.  Go ahead and get a carpet shampooer.  Make sure it comes 
back clean after each use.  (Wade and the tenants.)

 As far as W-2.  I looked up the rules for withholding and social security.  
I will call you later today to discuss.

Phillip

Should I appeal to Skilling.

Lee Wright@ENRON
02/15/2000 10:48 AM
Phillip -
I applaud you for using your cycle as daily transportation.  Saves on gas, 
pollution and helps keep you strong and healthy.  Enron provides bike racks 
in the front of the building for requests such as this.  Phillip, I wish we 
could accommodate this request; however, The Body Shop does not have the 
capacity nor can assume the responsibility for storing cycles on a daily 
basis.  If you bring a very good lock you should be able to secure the bike 
at the designated outside racks.  

Keep Pedalling - Lee

Kristian J Lande

11/03/2000 08:36 AM

As noted in my  last e-mail, the Ray Nixon expansion project in Colorado had 
the incorrect start date.  My last report showed an online date of May 2001; 
the actual anticipated online date is May 2003.
 
The following list ranks the quality and quantity of information that I have 
access to in the WSCC:

 1) CA - siting office, plant contacts
 2) PNW - siting offices, plant contacts
 3) DSW - plant contacts, 1 siting office for Maricopa County Arizona.
 4) Colorado - Integrated Resource Plan

If anyone has additional information regarding new generation in the Desert 
Southwest or Colorado, such as plant phone numbers or contacts, I would 
greatly appreciate receiving this contact information.

Tim Heizenrader
02/10/2000 12:55 PM
Slides for today's meeting are attached: 

I'll get back to them on this.  I know we have sent financials to Clinton
Energy...I'll check to see if this is enough.  In the meantime, is it
possible to show me indications on the quotes I asked for?  Please advise.
George

George Rahal
Manager, Gas Trading
ACN Power, Inc.
7926 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 630
McLean, VA 22102-3303
Phone  (703)893-4330 ext. 1023
Fax  (703)893-4390
Cell (443)255-7699

I'll get back to them on this.  I know we have sent financials to Clinton
Energy...I'll check to see if this is enough.  In the meantime, is it
possible to show me indications on the quotes I asked for?  Please advise.
George

George Rahal
Manager, Gas Trading
ACN Power, Inc.
7926 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 630
McLean, VA 22102-3303
Phone  (703)893-4330 ext. 1023
Fax  (703)893-4390
Cell (443)255-7699

Please get with randy to resolve.

George,

 Can you please call my credit desk at 713-853-1803.  They have not received 
any financials for ACN Power.  

Thanks,

Phillip Allen

Kim,

 Doublecheck with Julie G. , but I think it ok to pay Jan. demand charges.

I think Steven Wolf is the person to talk to about moving Kim Olinger to a 
different RC code.

is this still an issue?

I revised the supp-vendor sheet and have transferred the totals to the
summary sheet. Please review and let me know if this is what you had in
mind. Also, are we getting W-2 forms or what on our taxes.
______________________________________________________
Get Your Private, Free Email at http://www.hotmail.com

 - Jan00Expense.xls

Jim,

 Updated curves will be sent no later than 11 am on Monday 2/7.  I want Keith 
to be involved in the process.  He was out today.
 
 Sorry for the slow turnaround.

Phillip

Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
http://profiles.msn.com.

 - rentroll_1027.xls
 - rentroll_1103.xls

Tara, 

 This note is documentation of my approval of granting executing id's to the 
west cash traders.
 Thank you for your help.

Phillip

here is the file I showed you.

vishal resigned today

Julie,

 The numbers for January are below:

  Actual flows X gas daily spreads          $ 463,000
  Actual flow X Index spreads           $ 543,000
  Jan. value from original bid           $1,750,000
  Estimated cost to unwind hedges         ($1,000,000) 

 Based on these numbers, I suggest we offer to pay at least $500,000 but no 
more than $1,500,000.  I want your input on
 how to negotiate with El Paso.  Do we push actual value, seasonal shape, or 
unwind costs?  

Phillip 
 

Matthew Lenhart
01/24/2000 06:22 AM
 - DOPEWARS.exe

enorman@living.com on 01/18/2000 02:44:50 PM
Re. Your living.com inquiry

Thank you for your inquiry.  Please create an account, so we can
assist you more effectively in the future.  Go to:
http://www.living.com/util/login.jhtml

I have selected a few pieces that might work for you.  To view, simply click
on the following URLs.  I hope these are helpful!

Area Rugs:
http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-ISPE-NJ600%282X3
%29

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-CCON-300-7039%28
2X3%29

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-MERI-LANDNEEDLE%
284X6%29

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-PAND-5921092%289
.5X13.5%29

Sofas:
http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-SFUP-3923A

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-CLLE-583-SLP

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-CLLE-359-SLP

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-JJHY-200-104S

Chairs:
http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-CLLE-566INC

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-CLLE-711RCL

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-CLLE-686

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-SWOO-461-37

Occasional Tables:
http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-MAGP-31921

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-PULA-623102

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-CASR-01CEN906-E

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-CASR-02CEN001

Dining Set:
http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-VILA-COMP-001

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-SITC-FH402C-HHR

http://www.living.com/shopping/item/item.jhtml?productId=LC-COCH-24-854

Best Regards,

Erika
designadvice@living.com

P.S. Check out our January Clearance
http://living.com/sales/january_clearance.jhtml
and our Valentine's Day Gifts
http://living.com/shopping/list/list.jhtml?type=2011&sale=valentines
I am planning to build a house in the Texas hillcountry.  The exterior will
be a farmhouse style with porches on front and back.  I am considering the
following features:  stained and scored concrete floors, an open
living/dining/kitchen concept, lots of windows, a home office, 4 bedrooms
all upstairs.  I want a very relaxed and comfortable style, but not exactly
country.  Can you help?

==========================================
Additional user info:
ID = 3052970
email = pallen@enron.com
FirstName = phillip
LastName = allen

Will,

I didn't get to review this.  I will give you feedback tomorrow morning

Phillip

Tara,

Please make the following changes:

 FT-West -change master user from Phillip Allen to Keith Holst

 IM-West-Change master user from Bob Shiring to Phillip Allen

 Mock both existing profiles.

 
Please make these changes on 1/17/00 at noon.

Thank you 

Phillip

Susan,

 I received an enrollment confirmation for a class that I did not sign up 
for.  Is there some mistake?

Phillip Allen

Jeff/Brenda:

Please authorize the following products for approval.  customers are 
expecting to see them on 1/14.

 PG&E Citygate-Daily Physical, BOM Physical, Monthly Index Physical
 Malin-Daily Physical, BOM Physical, Monthly Index Physical
 Keystone-Monthly Index Physical
 Socal Border-Daily Physical, BOM Physical, Monthly Index Physical
 PG&E Topock-Daily Physical, BOM Physical, Monthly Index Physical
 

Please approve and forward to Dale Neuner

Thank you 
Phillip

George,

     Your attachment is not opening on my computer.  Can you put the info in 
Word instead?

Thanks,

Phillip

Call me. I can't get out.

forecast for socal demand/rec/storage.  Looks like they will need more gas at 
ehrenberg.(the swing receipt point) than 98 or 99.

Jeff/Brenda,

Please authorize and forward to Tara Sweitzer.

Please set up the following with the ability to setup and manage products in 
stack manager:

 Steve South
 Tory Kuykendall
 Janie Tholt 
 Frank Ermis
 Matt Lenhart
 
      Note:  The type of product these traders will be managing is less than 
1 month physical in the west.

Also please grant access & passwords to enable the above traders to execute 
book to book trades on EOL.  If possible restrict their 
execution authority to products in the first 3 months.

Thank you 

Phillip Allen

Mary 

Received an email from you on 1/7, but there was no message.  Please try 
again.

Phillip

received the file.  It worked.  Good job.

What did mary write?  Stage misses you?  I sent 2 emails.

Maybe mary is stalking gary 

First one's free. So are the next thousand.

You know it's true: Video games are addictive. Sure, we could
trap you with a free game of Centipede, then kick up the price
after you're hooked. But that's not how shockwave.com operates.
Shockmachine -- the greatest thing since needle exchange -- is
now free; so are the classic arcade games. Who needs quarters?
Get Arcade Classics from shockwave.com, stick 'em in your
Shockmachine and then play them offline anytime you want.
http://shockwave1.m0.net/m/s.asp?H430297053X351629

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Lick the Frog.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
You're not getting a date this Friday night. But you don't care.
You've got a date with Frogger. This frog won't turn into a handsome
prince(ss), but it's sure to bring back great memories of hopping
through the arcade -- and this time, you can save your quarters for
laundry. Which might increase your potential for a date on Saturday.
http://shockwave1.m0.net/m/s.asp?H430297053X351630

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Business Meeting or Missile Command? You Decide.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Take it offline! No, it's not a horrible meeting with your boss -
it's Missile Command. Shockmachine has a beautiful feature: you can
play without being hooked to the Internet. Grab the game from
shockwave.com, save it to your hard drive, and play offline! The
missiles are falling. Are you ready to save the world?
http://shockwave1.m0.net/m/s.asp?H430297053X351631

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"I Want to Take You Higher!"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Wanna get high? Here's your chance to do it at home - Shockmachine
lets you play your favorite arcade games straight from your computer.
It's a chance to crack your old high score. Get higher on Centipede -
get these bugs off me!
http://shockwave1.m0.net/m/s.asp?H430297053X351632

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Souls for Sale
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The '80s may not have left many good memories, but at least we still
have our Atari machines. What? You sold yours for a set of golf
clubs? Get your soul back, man! Super Breakout is alive and well and
waiting for you on Shockmachine. Now if you can just find that record
player and a Loverboy album...
http://shockwave1.m0.net/m/s.asp?H430297053X351633

Playing Arcade Classics on your Shockmachine -- the easiest way to
remember the days when you didn't have to work. If you haven't
already, get your free machine now.
http://shockwave1.m0.net/m/s.asp?H430297053X351640

the shockwave.com team
http://shockwave1.m0.net/m/s.asp?H430297053X351634

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
REMOVAL FROM MAILING LIST INSTRUCTIONS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
We changed our unsubscribe instructions to a more reliable method and
apologize if previous unsubscribe attempts did not take effect. While
we do wish to continue telling you about new shockwave.com stuff, if
you do want to unsubscribe, please click on the following link:
http://shockwave1.m0.net/m/u/shk/s.asp?e=pallen%40enron.com

#9001
 - att1.htm

Naomi,

The two analysts that I have had contact with are Matt Lenhart  and Vishal 
Apte.
Matt will be represented by Jeff Shankman.
Vishal joined our group in October.  He was in the Power Trading Group for 
the first 9 months.
I spoke to Jim Fallon and we agreed that he should be in the excellent 
category.  I just don't want Vishal 
to go unrepresented since he changed groups mid year.

Call me with questions.(x37041)

Phillip Allen
West Gas Trading

Here is our forecast

Christy,

 I read these points and they definitely need some touch up.  I don't 
understand why we need to give our commentary on  why prices are so high in 
California.  This subject has already gotten so much press.  

Phillip

Here is my stab at the talking points  to be sent in to FERC along with the 
gas pricing info they requested for the California markets.  Let me or 
Christi know if you have any disagreements, additions, whatever.  I am 
supposed to be out of here at 2:15 today, so if you have stuff to add after 
that, get it to Christi.  Thanks.

Please excuse the delay in getting these resumes to you.  Larry did not have
his prepared and then I forgot to send them.  I'll try to get a status
report to you latter today.

 - winmail.dat

Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
05/11/2001 01:49 PM
Current Notes User: 

To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, 
it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finish, 
simply click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey 
will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.

Thank you.

Outlook 2000 Migration Team

Full Name:        Phillip Allen  

Login ID:   pallen

Extension:   37041

Office Location:  EB3210C

What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)   Both

Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  IPAQ

Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?   
    If yes, who?  

Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?   Yes, Ina Rangel
    If yes, who?  

Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?   
    If yes, who?  

Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  
    If yes, who?  

Do you have access to a shared calendar?  
    If yes, which shared calendar?  

Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings)?  
    If yes, please list here:  

Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  

In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
need to know:

Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
       If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):      

Let me know when you get the quotes from Pauline.  I am expecting to pay 
something in the $3,000 to $5,000 range.  I would like to see the quotes and 
a description of the work to be done.  It is my understanding that some rock 
will be removed and replaced with siding.  If they are getting quotes to put 
up new rock then we will need to clarify.

Jacques is ready to drop in a dollar amount on the release.  If the 
negotiations stall, it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the 
utilities.  Hopefully things will go smoothly.

Phillip

Jeff,

Jacques Craig will draw up a release.  What is the status on the quote from 
Wade?  

Phillip

The west desk would like 2 analysts.

	
	

Attached is the final version of the California Summary report with maps, 
graphs, and historical data.

Additional charts attempting to explain increase in demand by hydro, load 
growth, and temperature.  Many assumptions had to be made.  The data is not 
as solid as numbers in first set of graphs.

Can you guys coordinate to make sure someone listens to this conference call 
each week.  Tara from the fundamental group was recording these calls when 
they happened every day.

Phillip
James D Steffes@ENRON
05/03/2001 05:44 AM
Please forward to anyone on your team that wants updates on Western wholesale 
matters (should also give you an opportunity to raise state matters if you 
want to discuss).

Jim
Ray Alvarez
05/02/2001 05:40 PM
Date:   Every Thursday
Time:    1:00 pm Pacific, 3:00 pm Central, and 4:00 pm Eastern time,
 Number:   1-888-271-0949, 
 Host Code:  661877, (for Jim only),
 Participant Code: 936022, (for everyone else),

Attached is the table of the on-going FERC issues and proceedings updated for 
use on tomorrow's conference call.  It is available to all team members on 
the O drive. Please feel free to revise/add to/ update this table as 
appropriate.

Proposed agenda for tomorrow:

Power-  Discussion of FERC market monitoring and mitigation order in 
EL00-95-12 and review of upcoming filings
Gas- Response to subpoenas of SoCal Edison in RP00-241 and upcoming items
Misc.

I will be unable to participate in the call tomorrow as I will be attending 
the Senate Energy and Resource Committee Hearing on the elements of the FERC 
market monitoring and mitigation order.

If you have any questions, please contact Kristin Walsh at (713) 853-9510.

Bridge Loan Financing Bills May Not Meet Their May 8th Deadline Due to Lack 
of Support
Sources report there will not be a vote regarding the authorization for the 
bond issuance/bridge loan by the May 8th deadline.   Any possibility for a 
deal has reportedly fallen apart.  According to sources, both the Republicans 
and Democratic caucuses are turning against Davis.  The Democratic caucus is 
reportedly "unwilling to fight" for Davis.  Many legislative Republicans and 
Democrats reportedly do not trust Davis and express concern that, once the 
bonds are issued to replenish the General Fund, Davis would "double dip" into 
the fund.  Clearly there is a lack of good faith between the legislature and 
the governor.  However, it is believed once Davis discloses the details of 
the power contracts negotiated, a bond issuance will take place.  
Additionally, some generator sources have reported that some of the long-term 
power contracts (as opposed to those still in development) require that the 
bond issuance happen by July 1, 2001.  If not, the state may be in breach of 
contract.  Sources state that if the legislature does not pass the bridge 
loan legislation by May 8th, having a bond issuance by July 1st will be very 
difficult.

The Republicans were planning to offer an alternative plan whereby the state 
would "eat" the $5 billion cost of power spent to date out of the General 
Fund, thereby decreasing the amount of the bond issuance to approximately $8 
billion.  However, the reportedly now are not  going to offer even this 
concession.  Sources report that the Republicans intend to hold out for full 
disclosure of the governor's plan for handling the crisis, including the 
details and terms of all long-term contracts he has negotiated, before they 
will support the bond issuance to go forward.

Currently there are two bills dealing  with the bridge  loan; AB 8X and AB 
31X.  AB 8X authorizes the DWR to sell up to $10 billion in bonds.  This bill 
passed the Senate in March, but has stalled in the Assembly due to a lack of 
Republican support.  AB 31X deals with energy conservation programs for 
community college districts.  However, sources report this bill may be 
amended to include language relevant to the bond sale by Senator Bowen, 
currently in AB 8X.  Senator  Bowen's language states that the state should 
get paid before the utilities from rate payments (which, if passed, would be 
likely to cause a SoCal  bankruptcy). 
 
According to sources close to the Republicans in  the legislature, 
Republicans do not believe there should be a bridge loan due to money 
available in the General Fund.  For instance, Tony  Strickland has stated 
that only 1/2 of the bonds (or approximately $5 billion)  should be issued.  
Other Republicans reportedly do not support issuing any  bonds.  The 
Republicans intend to bring this up in debate on  Monday.  Additionally, 
Lehman Brothers reportedly also feels that a  bridge loan is unnecessary and 
there are some indications that Lehman may  back out of the bridge loan.
 
Key Points of the Bridge Financing
Initial Loan Amount: $4.125 B
Lenders:  JP Morgan  $2.5 B
   Lehman Brothers  $1.0 B
   Bear Stearns  $625 M
Tax Exempt Portion: Of the $4.125 B; $1.6 B is expected to be tax-exempt
Projected Interest Rate: Taxable Rate  5.77%
   Tax-Exempt Rate  4.77%
Current Projected 
Blended IR:  5.38%
Maturity Date:  August 29, 2001
For more details please contact me at (713) 853-9510

Bill SB 6X Passed the Senate Yesterday, but Little Can be Done at This Time
The Senate passed SB 6X yesterday, which authorizes $5  billion to create the 
California Consumer Power and Conservation  Authority.    The $5 billion 
authorized under SB 6X is not the  same as the $5 billion that must be 
authorized by the legislature to pay for  power already purchased, or the 
additional amount of bonds that must be authorized to pay for purchasing 
power going forward.  Again, the Republicans are not in support of these 
authorizations.  Without the details of the long-term power contracts the 
governor has  negotiated, the Republicans do not know what the final bond 
amount is that must  be issued and that taxpayers will have to pay to 
support.   No further action can be taken regarding the implementation of  SB 
6X until it is clarified how and when the state and the utilities get paid  
for purchasing power.    Also, there is no staff, defined purpose, etc. for  
the California Public Power and Conservation Authority.  However, this can  
be considered a victory for consumer advocates, who began promoting this 
idea  earlier in the crisis.
 
SoCal Edison and Bankruptcy
At this point, two events would be likely to trigger a SoCal bankruptcy.  The 
first would be a legislative rejection of the MOU between SoCal and the 
governor.  The specified deadline for legislative approval of the MOU is 
August 15th, however, some decision will likely be made earlier.  According 
to sources, the state has yet to sign the MOU with SoCal, though SoCal has 
signed it.  The Republicans are against the MOU in its current form and Davis 
and the Senate lack the votes needed to pass.  If the legislature indicates 
that it will not pas the MOU, SoCal would likely file for voluntary 
bankruptcy (or its creditor - involuntary) due to the lack operating cash.  

The second likely triggering event, which is linked directly to the bond 
issuance, would be an effort by Senator Bowen to amend SB 31X (bridge loan) 
stating that the DWR would received 100% of its payments from ratepayers, 
then the utilities would receive the residual amount.  In other words, the 
state will get paid before the utilities.  If this language is included and 
passed by the legislature, it appears likely that SoCal will likely file for 
bankruptcy.  SoCal is urging the legislature to pay both the utilities and 
the DWR proportionately from rate payments.

James D Steffes@ENRON
05/03/2001 05:44 AM
Please forward to anyone on your team that wants updates on Western wholesale 
matters (should also give you an opportunity to raise state matters if you 
want to discuss).

Jim
Ray Alvarez
05/02/2001 05:40 PM
Date:   Every Thursday
Time:    1:00 pm Pacific, 3:00 pm Central, and 4:00 pm Eastern time,
 Number:   1-888-271-0949, 
 Host Code:  661877, (for Jim only),
 Participant Code: 936022, (for everyone else),

Attached is the table of the on-going FERC issues and proceedings updated for 
use on tomorrow's conference call.  It is available to all team members on 
the O drive. Please feel free to revise/add to/ update this table as 
appropriate.

Proposed agenda for tomorrow:

Power-  Discussion of FERC market monitoring and mitigation order in 
EL00-95-12 and review of upcoming filings
Gas- Response to subpoenas of SoCal Edison in RP00-241 and upcoming items
Misc.

I will be unable to participate in the call tomorrow as I will be attending 
the Senate Energy and Resource Committee Hearing on the elements of the FERC 
market monitoring and mitigation order.

Traveling to have a business meeting takes the fun out of the trip.  
Especially if you have to prepare a presentation.  I would suggest holding 
the business plan meetings here then take a trip without any formal business 
meetings.  I would even try and get some honest opinions on whether a trip is 
even desired or necessary.

As far as the business meetings, I think it would be more productive to try 
and stimulate discussions across the different groups about what is working 
and what is not.  Too often the presenter speaks and the others are quiet 
just waiting for their turn.   The meetings might be better if held in a 
round table discussion format.  

My suggestion for where to go is Austin.  Play golf and rent a ski boat and 
jet ski's.  Flying somewhere takes too much time.

Tim,

mike grigsby is having problems with accessing the west power site.  Can you 
please make sure he has an active password.  

Thank you,

Phillip

Put me down as a reviewer

Reagan,

Just wanted to give you an update.  I have changed the unit mix to include 
some 1 bedrooms and reduced the number of buildings to 12.  Kipp Flores is 
working on the construction drawings.  At the same time I am pursuing FHA 
financing.  Once the construction drawings are complete I will send them to 
you for a revised bid.  Your original bid was competitive and I am still 
attracted to your firm because of your strong local presence and contacts.

Phillip

Jim,

Is there going to be a conference call or some type of weekly meeting about 
all the regulatory issues facing California this week?  Can you make sure the 
gas desk is included.

Phillip

Ina Rangel
05/01/2001 12:24 PM
   
-
Full Name:        Phillip Allen

Login ID:   pallen

Extension:  3-7041

Office Location:  EB3210C

What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Both

Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  IPAQ

Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  NO
    If yes, who?  

Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  YES
    If yes, who?  INA RANGEL

Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  
    If yes, who?  NO

Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  
    If yes, who?  NO

Do you have access to a shared calendar?  
    If yes, which shared calendar?  YES, West Calendar

Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings)?  
    If yes, please list here:  NO

Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  NONE

In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
need to know:

Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? NO
       If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):      

Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
04/27/2001 01:01 PM
Current Notes User:

REASONS FOR USING OUTLOOK WEB ACCESS (OWA)

1. Once your mailbox has been migrated from Notes to Outlook, the Outlook 
client will be configured on your computer.
After migration of your mailbox, you will not be able to send or recieve mail 
via Notes, and you will not be able to start using Outlook until it is 
configured by the Outlook Migration team the morning after your mailbox is 
migrated.  During this period, you can use Outlook Web Access (OWA) via your 
web browser (Internet Explorer 5.0) to read and send mail.

PLEASE NOTE:  Your calendar entries, personal address book, journals, and 
To-Do entries imported from Notes will not be available until the Outlook 
client is configured on your desktop.

2. Remote access to your mailbox.
After your Outlook client is configured, you can use Outlook Web Access (OWA) 
for remote access to your mailbox.

PLEASE NOTE:  At this time, the OWA client is only accessible while 
connecting to the Enron network (LAN).  There are future plans to make OWA 
available from your home or when traveling abroad.

HOW TO ACCESS OUTLOOK WEB ACCESS (OWA)

Launch Internet Explorer 5.0, and in the address window type:  
http://nahou-msowa01p/exchange/john.doe

Substitute "john.doe" with your first and last name, then click ENTER.  You 
will be prompted with a sign in box as shown below.  Type in "corp/your user 
id" for the user name and your NT password to logon to OWA and click OK.  You 
will now be able to view your mailbox.

 

PLEASE NOTE:  There are some subtle differences in the functionality between 
the Outlook and OWA clients.  You will not be able to do many of the things 
in OWA that you can do in Outlook.  Below is a brief list of *some* of the 
functions NOT available via OWA:

Features NOT available using OWA:

-  Tasks
-  Journal
-  Spell Checker
-  Offline Use
-  Printing Templates
-  Reminders
-  Timed Delivery
-  Expiration
-  Outlook Rules
-  Voting, Message Flags and Message Recall
-  Sharing Contacts with others
-  Task Delegation
-  Direct Resource Booking
-  Personal Distribution Lists

QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS?

If you have questions or concerns using the OWA client, please contact the 
Outlook 2000 question and answer Mailbox at:

 Outlook.2000@enron.com

Otherwise, you may contact the Resolution Center at:

 713-853-1411

Thank you,

Outlook 2000 Migration Team

Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
04/27/2001 01:00 PM
Current Notes User: 

To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, 
it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
survey.  When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send'  
Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.

Thank you.

Outlook 2000 Migration Team

Full Name:        

Login ID:  

Extension:  

Office Location:  

What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  

Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  

Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  
    If yes, who?  

Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  
    If yes, who?  

Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  
    If yes, who?  

Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  
    If yes, who?  

Do you have access to a shared calendar?  
    If yes, which shared calendar?  

Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings)?  
    If yes, please list here:  

Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  

In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
need to know:

Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
       If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):      

Alan, 

You should have received updated numbers from Keith Holst.  Call me if you 
did not receive them.

Phillip

Alan Comnes
04/27/2001 01:38 PM
Phillip,

I got this request.  On the gas side, I think Kean/Lay need an update to a 
table you prepared for me a few months ago, which I've attached..  Can you 
oblige?  Thanks,

Alan Comnes

Janel Guerrero@ENRON
04/27/2001 12:44 PM
Alan,

Steve has asked that you update the power point below so that it reflects all 
of the "stupid regulatory/legislative decisions" since the beginning of the 
year.  Ken wants to have this updated chart in his briefing book for next 
week's "Ken Lay Tour" to CA.  

He also wants a forward price curve for both gas and power in CA.  Can we get 
these three documents by Monday afternoon?  

Alan Comnes
04/27/2001 01:38 PM
Phillip,

I got this request.  On the gas side, I think Kean/Lay need an update to a 
table you prepared for me a few months ago, which I've attached..  Can you 
oblige?  Thanks,

Alan Comnes

Janel Guerrero@ENRON
04/27/2001 12:44 PM
Alan,

Steve has asked that you update the power point below so that it reflects all 
of the "stupid regulatory/legislative decisions" since the beginning of the 
year.  Ken wants to have this updated chart in his briefing book for next 
week's "Ken Lay Tour" to CA.  

He also wants a forward price curve for both gas and power in CA.  Can we get 
these three documents by Monday afternoon?  

Send to Karen Buckley.  Trading track interview to be conducted in May. 

Tim,

Can you authorize access to the west power site for Keith Holtz.  He is our 
Southern California basis trader and is under a two year contract.

On another note, is it my imagination or did the SARR website lower its 
forecast for McNary discharge during May.  It seems like the flows have been 
lowered into the 130 range and there are fewer days near 170.  Also the 
second half of April doesn't seem to have panned out as I expected.  The 
outflows stayed at 100-110 at McNary.  Can you email or call with some 
additional insight?

Thank you,

Phillip

can you fill it in yourself? I will sign it.

I would look at properties in San Antonio or Dallas.

Gary,

I have also been speaking to Johnnie Brown in San Antonio to be the general 
contractor.  According to Johnnie, I would not be pay any less buying from 
the factory versus purchasing the panels through him since my site is within 
his region.  Assuming this is true, I will work directly with him.  I believe 
he has sent you my plans.  They were prepared by Kipp Flores architects.  

Can you confirm that the price is the same direct from the factory or from 
the distributor?  If you have the estimates worked up for Johnnie will you 
please email them to me as well?

Thank you for your time.  I am excited about potentially using your product.

Phillip Allen

Ray,

Is there any detail on the gas cost proxy.  Which delivery points from which 
publication will be used?  Basically, can you help us get any clarification 
on the language "the average daily cost of gas for all delivery points in 
California"?

Phillip

Ned,

Regarding the Waha storage, the west desk does not have a strong need for 
this storage but we are always willing to show a bid based on the current 
summer/winter spreads and cycling value.  The following assumptions were made 
to establish our bid:  5% daily injection capacity, 10% daily withdrawal 
capacity, 1% fuel (injection only), 0.01/MMBtu variable injection and 
withdrawal fees.  Also an undiscounted  June 01 to January 02 spread of $0.60 
existed at the time of this bid.

Bid for a 1 year storage contract beginning June 01 based on above 
assumptions:  $0.05/ MMBtu/Month ($0.60/Year).  Demand charges only.

I am not sure if this is exactly what you need or not.  Please call or email 
with comments.

Phillip Allen

Ray Alvarez@ENRON
04/25/2001 11:48 AM
Phil,  I suspect that discussions/negotiations are taking place behind closed 
doors "in smoke filled rooms", if not directly between Commissioners then 
among FERC staffers.  Never say never, but I think it is highly unlikely that 
the final order will contain a fixed price cap.  I base this belief in large 
part on what I heard at a luncheon I attended yesterday afternoon at which 
the keynote speaker was FERC Chairman Curt Hebert.  Although the Chairman 
began his presentation by expressly stating that he would not comment or 
answer questions on pending proceedings before the Commission, Hebert had 
some enlightening comments which relate to price caps:

Price caps are almost never the right answer
Price Caps will have the effect of prolonging shortages
Competitive choices for consumers is the right answer
Any solution, however short term, that does not increase supply or reduce 
demand, is not acceptable
Eight out of eleven western Governors oppose price caps, in that they would 
export California's problems to the West

This is the latest intelligence I have on the matter, and it's a pretty 
strong anti- price cap position.  Of course, Hebert is just one Commissioner 
out of 3 currently on the Commission, but he controls the meeting agenda and 
if the draft order is not to his liking, the item could be bumped off the 
agenda.  Hope this info helps.  Ray

Phillip K Allen@ECT
04/25/2001 02:28 PM
Are there behind closed doors discussions being held prior to the meeting?  
Is there the potential for a surprise announcement of some sort of fixed 
price gas or power cap once the open meeting finally happens?

Are there behind closed doors discussions being held prior to the meeting?  
Is there the potential for a surprise announcement of some sort of fixed 
price gas or power cap once the open meeting finally happens?

Gary,

Here is a photograph of a similar house.  The dimensions would be 56'Wide X 
41' Deep for the living area.  In addition there will be a 6' deep two story 
porch across the entire back and 30' across the front.  A modification to the 
front will be the addition of a gable across 25' on the left side.  The 
living area will be brought forward under this gable to be flush with the 
front porch.  

I don't have my floor plan with me at work today, but will bring in tomorrow 
and fax you a copy.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041
pallen@enron.com

Hunter S Shively
03/26/2001 10:01 AM

it works.  thank you

Eric Benson@ENRON on 04/24/2001 11:47:40 AM
Mr. Allen - 

Per our phone conversation, please see the instructions below to get access 
to view FERC meetings.  Please advise if there are any problems, questions or 
concerns.

Eric Benson
Sr. Specialist
Enron Government Affairs - The Americas
713-853-1711

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

	Janet Butler
	11/06/2000 04:51 PM
		 
As long as you are configured to receive Real Video, you should be able to 
access the FERC meeting this Wednesday, November 8.  The instructions are 
below.

Janet Butler
10/31/2000 04:12 PM
	

Here is the URL address for the Capitol Connection.  You should be able to 
simply click on this URL below and it should come up for you.  (This is 
assuming your computer is configured for Real Video/Audio).  We will pay for 
the annual contract and bill your cost centers.

You are connected for tomorrow as long as you have access to Real Video.

http://www.capitolconnection.gmu.edu/

Instructions:

Once into the Capitol Connection sight, click on FERC
Click on first line (either "click here" or box)
Dialogue box should require:  user name:  enron-y
              password:  fercnow

Real Player will connect you to the meeting

Expand your screen as you wish for easier viewing

Adjust your sound as you wish

Frank,

The implied risk created by the san juan and rockies indeces being partially 
set after today is the same as the risk in a long futures position.  Whatever 
the risk was prior should not matter.  Since the rest of the books are very 
short price this should be a large offset.  If the VAR calculation does not 
match the company's true risk then it needs to be revised or adjusted.  

Phillip

Jeff Richter
10/20/2000 02:16 PM
http://westpower.enron.com/ca/generation/default.asp

I just spoke to the insurance company.  They are going to cancel and prorate 
my policy and work with the Kuo's to issue a new policy.

FYI, 
o Selling 500/d of SoCal, XH lowers overall desk VAR by $8 million
o Selling 500K KV, lowers overall desk VAR by $4 million

Frank

Griff,

It is bidweek again.  I need to provide view only ID's to the two major 
publications that post the monthly indeces.  Please email an id and password 
to the following:

Dexter Steis at Natural Gas Intelligence- dexter@intelligencepress.com

Liane Kucher at Inside Ferc-  lkuch@mh.com

Bidweek is under way so it is critical that these id's are sent out asap.

Thanks for your help,

Phillip Allen

Send his resume to Karen Buckley.  I believe there will be a full round of 
interviews for the trading track in May.

Have him send his resume to Karen Buckley in HR.  There is a new round of 
trading track interviews in May.

Andrea,

After reviewing Bryan Hull's resume, I think he would be best suited for the 
trading track program.  Please forward his resume to Karen Buckley.

Phillip

I think Chad deserves an interview.

Johnnie,

Thank you for meeting with me on Friday.  I left feeling very optimistic 
about the panel system.  I would like to find a way to incorporate the panels 
into the home design I showed you.  In order to make it feasible within my 
budget I am sure it will take several iterations.  The prospect of purchasing 
the panels and having your  framers install them may have to be considered.  
However, my first choice would be for you to be the general contractor.

I realize you receive a number of calls just seeking information about this 
product with very little probability of a sale.  I just want to assure you 
that I am going to build this house in the fall and I would seriously 
consider using the panel system if it truly was only a slight increase in 
cost over stick built.

Please email your cost estimates when complete.

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

I still use this service

Ina, 

Can you please forward the presentation to Mog.

Phillip
Hi Philip

If you do have slides preapred,, can you have your assistant e:mail a copy to 
Mog Heu, who will conference in from New York.

Thanks, karen

The topic will the the western natural gas market.  I may have overhead 
slides.  I will bring handouts.

Bob,

 Activate Plan B.  No money from John.  

 Wish I had better news.

Phillip

Chad,

Call Ted Bland about the trading track program.  All the desks are trying to 
use this program to train analysts to be traders.  Your experience should 
help you in the process and make the risk rotation unnecessary. Unless you 
are dying to do another rotation is risk.

Phillip 

How am I to send them the money for the silent second?  Regular mail, 
overnight, wire transfer?  I don't see how their bank will make the funds 
available by Friday unless I wire the money.  If that is what I need to do 
please send wiring instructions.

The topic will the the western natural gas market.  I may have overhead 
slides.  I will bring handouts.

Jeff,

I am in the office today.  Any isssues to deal with for the stagecoach?

Phillip

Enron Wholesale Services (EES Gas Desk)

Approved Trader List:

Name    Title    Region  Basis Only

Black, Don   Vice President   Any Desk

Hewitt, Jess   Director    All Desks
Vanderhorst, Barry  Director    East, West 
Shireman, Kris   Director    West
Des Champs, Joe  Director    Central
Reynolds, Roger   Director    West

Migliano, Andy    Manager   Central
Wiltfong, Jim   Manager   All Desks

Barker, Jim   Sr, Specialist   East
Fleming, Matt   Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Tate, Paul   Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Driscoll, Marde   Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Arnold, Laura   Sr. Specialist   Central - basis only 
Blaine, Jay   Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Guerra, Jesus   Sr. Specialist   Central - basis only
Bangle, Christina  Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Smith, Rhonda   Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Boettcher, Amanda  Sr. Specialist   Central - basis only
Pendegraft, Sherry  Sr. Specialist   East - basis only
Ruby Robinson   Specialist   West - basis only
Diza, Alain   Specialist   East - basis only

Monday, April 16, 2001
Jess P. Hewitt
Revised
Approved Trader List.doc

The insurance company is: 

Central Insurance Agency, Inc
6000 N., Lamar
P.O. Box 15427
Austin, TX 78761-5427

Policy #CBI420478

Contact:  Jeanette Peterson

(512)451-6551

The actual policy is signed by Vista Insurance Partners.

Please try and schedule the appraiser for sometime after 1 p.m. so my Dad can 
walk him around.  

I will be out of town on Tuesday.  What else do we need to get done before 
closing?

Phillip

I will email you with the insurance info tomorrow.  

	
	

Here is a simplistic spreadsheet.  I didn't drop in the new generation yet, 
but even without the new plants it looks like Q3 is no worse than last year.
Can you take a look and get back to me with the bullish case?

thanks,

Phillip

Here is a simplistic spreadsheet.  I didn't drop in the new generation yet, 
but even without the new plants it looks like Q3 is no worse than last year.
Can you take a look and get back to me with the bullish case?

thanks,

Phillip

I will try and get my dad to take the appraiser into a couple of units.  Let 
me know the day and time.

Phillip

Dave,

The back office is having a hard time dealing with the $11 million dollars 
that is to be recognized as transport expense by the west desk then recouped 
from the Office of the Chairman.    Is your understanding that the West desk 
will receive origination each month based on the schedule below.

 
 The Office of the Chairman agrees to grant origination to the Denver desk as 
follows:

October 2000  $1,395,000
November 2000 $1,350,000
December 2000 $1,395,000
January 2001  $   669,600
February 2001  $   604,800
March 2001  $   669,600
April 2001  $   648,000
May 2001  $   669,600
June 2001  $   648,000
July 2001  $   669,600
August 2001  $   669,600
September 2001 $   648,000
October 2001  $   669,600
November 2001 $   648,000
December 2001 $   669,600

This schedule represents a demand charge payable to NBP Energy Pipelines by 
the Denver desk.  The demand charge is $.18/MMBtu on 250,000 MMBtu/Day 
(Oct-00 thru Dec-00) and 120,000 MMBtu/Day (Jan-01 thru Dec-01).  The ENA 
Office of the Chairman has agreed to reimburse the west desk for this expense.

Let me know if you disagree.

Phillip

Larry,

It sounds like Claudia and Jacques are almost finished with the documents.  
There is one item of which I was unsure.  Was an environmental
report prepared before the original purchase?  If yes, shouldn't it be listed 
as an asset of the partnership and your costs be recovered?

Phillip

Lucy,

The spreadsheet looks fine to me. 

Phillip

Bruce,

Thank you for your bid.  I have decided on a floor plan.  I am going to have 
an architect in Austin draw the plans and help me work up a detailed 
specification list.  I will send you that detailed plan and spec list when 
complete for a final bid.  Probably in early to mid June.

Phillip

Phillip et al.,

I have been digging into the answer to your question re: demand reduction in 
the West.  Your intuition as to reductions seen so far (e.g., March 2001 vs. 
March 2000) was absolutely correct.  At this point, it appears that demand 
over the last 12 months in the CAISO control area, after adjusting for 
temperature and time of use factors, has fallen by about 6%.  This translates 
into a reduction of about 1,500-1,600 MWa for last month (March 2001) as 
compared with the previous year.

Looking forward into the summer, I believe that we will see further voluntary 
reductions (as opposed to "forced" reductions via rolling blackouts).  Other 
forecasters (e.g., PIRA) are estimating that another 1,200-1,300 MWa (making 
total year-on-year reduction = 2,700-2,800) will come off starting in June.  
This scenario is not difficult to imagine, as it would require only a couple 
more percentage points reduction in overall peak demand.  Given that the 6% 
decrease we have seen so far has come without any real price signals to the 
retail market, and that rates are now scheduled to increase, I think that it 
is possible we could see peak demand fall by as much as 10% relative to last 
year.  This would mean peak demand reductions of approx 3,300-3,500 MWa in 
Jun-Aug.  In addition, a number of efforts aimed specifically at conservation 
are being promoted by the State, which can only increase the likelihood of 
meeting, and perhaps exceeding, the 3,500 MWa figure.  Finally, the general 
economic slowdown in Calif could also further depress demand, or at least 
make the 3,500 MWa number that much more attainable.

Note that all the numbers I am reporting here are for the CAISO control area 
only, which represents about 89% of total Calif load, or 36-37% of WSCC 
(U.S.) summer load.  I think it is reasonable to assume that the non-ISO 
portion of Calif (i.e., LADWP and IID) will see similar reductions in 
demand.  As for the rest of the WSCC, that is a much more difficult call.  As 
you are aware, the Pacific NW has already seen about 2,000 MWa of aluminum 
smelter load come off since Dec, and this load is expected to stay off at 
least through Sep, and possibly for the next couple of years (if BPA gets its 
wish).  This figure represents approx 4% of the non-Calif WSCC.  Several 
mining operations in the SW and Rockies have recently announced that they are 
sharply curtailing production.  I have not yet been able to pin down exactly 
how many MW this translates to, but I will continue to research the issue.  
Other large industrials may follow suit, and the ripple effects from Calif's 
economic slowdown could be a factor throughout the West.  While the rest of 
the WSCC may not see the 10%+ reductions that I am expecting in Calif, I 
think we could easily expect an additional 2-3% (on top of the 4% already 
realized), or approx 1,000-1,500 MWa, of further demand reduction in the 
non-Calif WSCC for this summer.  This would bring the total reduction for the 
WSCC, including the 2,000 MWa aluminum load we have already seen, to around 
6,500-7,000 MWa when compared with last summer.

I am continuing to research and monitor the situation, and will provide you 
with updates as new or better information becomes available.  Meantime, I 
hope this helps.  Please feel free to call (503-464-8671) if you have any 
questions or need any further information.

Lucy,

Here is the rentroll from last friday.  

The closing was to be this Thursday but it has been delayed until Friday 
April 20th.  If you can stay on until April 20th that would be helpful.  If 
you have made other commitments I understand.

Gary is planning to put an A/C in #35. 

You can give out my work numer (713) 853-7041

Phillip 

Thanks for your help.

Jed,

Thanks for the response.  

Phillip Allen

Jed Hershey <jhershey@sempratrading.com> on 04/09/2001 02:29:39 PM
The following are the prices you requested.  Unfortunately we are unwilling
to transact at these levels due to the current market volatility, but you
can consider these accurate market prices:

May01-Oct01 Socal/Juan offer:  8.70 usd/mmbtu

Apr02-Oct02 Socal/Juan offer:  3.53 usd/mmbtu

Our present value mark to market calculations for these trades are as
follows:

May01-Oct01 30,000/day @ 0.5975 =  $44,165,200

Apr02-Oct02 @  0.60 =  $5,920,980
Apr02-Oct02 @  0.745 =  $5,637,469
Apr02-Oct02 @  0.55 =  $3,006,092

If you have any other questions call: (203) 355-5059

Jed Hershey

Reading, disclosure, discussion, dissemination, distribution or copying of 
this information by anyone other than the intended recipient or his or her 
employees or agents is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this 
communication in error, please immediately notify us and delete the original 
material from your computer.

Sempra Energy Trading Corp. (SET) is not the same company as SDG&E or 
SoCalGas, the utilities owned by SET's parent company.  SET is not regulated 
by the California Public Utilities Commission and you do not have to buy 
SET's products and services to continue to receive quality regulated service 
from the utilities.

Reagan,

I sent you an email last week stating that I would be in San Marcos on 
Friday, April 13th.  However, my closing has been postponed.  As I mentioned 
I am going to have Cary Kipp draw the plans for the residence and I will get 
back in touch with you once he is finished.

Regarding the multifamily project, I am going to work with a project manager 
from San Antonio.  For my first development project, I feel more comfortable 
with their experience obtaining FHA financing.  We are working with Kipp 
Flores to finalize the floor plans and begin construction drawings.  Your bid 
for the construction is competive with other construction estimates.  I am 
still attracted to your firm as the possible builder due to your strong local 
relationships.  I will get back in touch with you once we have made the final 
determination on unit mix and site plan.

Phillip Allen

Jacques,

The amounts needed to fill in the blanks on Exhibit "B" are as follows:

Kipp Flores-Total Contract was $23,600 but $2,375 was paid and only $21,225 
is outstanding.

Kohutek- $2,150 

Cuatro- $37,800

George & Larry paid $3,500 for the appraisal and I agreed to reimburse this 
amount.

The total cash that Keith and I will pay the Sellers is $5,875 ($3,500 
appraisal and $2,375 engineering).    I couldn't find any reference to this 
cash consideration to be paid by the buyers.

Let me know if I need to do anything else before you can forward this to the  
sellers to be executed.

Phillip

Steve,

Thank you for the update.  The need is still great for this disk space.  

Phillip

John,

Regarding the employment agreement, Mike declined without a counter.  Keith 
said he would sign for $75K cash/$250 equity.  I still believe Frank should 
receive the same signing incentives as Keith.  

Phillip

Thanks for the response.  I think you are right that engaging an architect is 
the next logical step.  I had already contacted Cary Kipp and sent him the 
floor plan.
He got back to me yesterday with his first draft.  He took my plan and 
improved it.  I am going to officially engage Cary to draw the plans.  While 
he works on those I wanted to try and work out a detailed specification 
list.  Also, I would like to visit a couple of homes that you have built and 
speak to 1 or 2 satisfied home owners.  I will be in San Marcos on Friday 
April 13th.  Are there any homes near completion that I could walk through 
that day?  Also can you provide some references?

Once I have the plans and specs, I will send them to you so you can adjust 
your bid.  

Phillip

Do you have a distribution list to send this to all the traders.

Phillip
Fred/Phillip/Scott:  We are having a happy hour at Sambuca this Thursday,  
please be our guests and invite anyone on your desks that would be interested 
in meeting some of the new gas desk team.

http://www.americangreetings.com/pickup.pd?i=172082367&m=1891

Thank you,

Jess

Jacques,

The assets and liabilities that we are willing to assume are listed below:

Assets:

Land
Preliminary Architecture Design-Kipp Flores Architects
Preliminary Engineering-Cuatro Consultants, Ltd.
Soils Study-Kohutek Engineering & Testing, Inc.
Appraisal-Atrium Real Estate Services

Liabilities:

Note to Phillip Allen
Outstanding Invoices to Kipp Flores, Cuatro, and Kohutek

Additional Consideration or Concessions

Forgive interest due
Reimburse $3,500 for appraisal and $2,375 for partial payment to engineer

Let me know if you need more detail.  

Phillip

My location is eb3210C

Parking & Transportation@ENRON
03/28/2001 02:07 PM
Sent by: DeShonda Hamilton@ENRON
The Enron Center garage will be opening very soon.

Employees who work for business units that are scheduled to move to the new 
building and currently park in the Allen Center or Met garages are being 
offered a parking space in the new Enron Center garage.

This is the only offer you will receive during the initial migration to the 
new garage. Spaces will be filled on a first come first served basis. The 
cost for the new garage will be the same as Allen Center garage which is 
currently $165.00 per month, less the company subsidy, leaving a monthly 
employee cost of $94.00.

If you choose not to accept this offer at this time, you may add your name to 
the Enron Center garage waiting list at a later day and offers will be made 
as spaces become available. 

The Saturn Ring  that connects the garage and both buildings will not be 
opened until summer 2001. All initial parkers will have to use the street 
level entrance to Enron Center North until Saturn Ring access is available. 
Garage stairways next to the elevator lobbies at each floor may be used as an 
exit in the event of elevator trouble. 

If you are interested in accepting this offer, please reply via email to 
Parking and Transportation as soon as you reach a decision. Following your 
email, arrangements will be made for you to turn in your old parking card and 
receive a parking transponder along with a new information packet for the new 
garage.

The Parking and Transportation desk may be reached via email at Parking and 
Transportation/Corp/Enron or 713-853-7060  with any questions. 

(You must enter & exit on Clay St. the first two weeks, also pedestrians, 
will have to use the garage stairwell located on the corner of Bell & Smith.)

https://www4.rsweb.com/61045/

Jacques

I am out of the office for the rest of the week.  Have you ever seen anyone 
miss as much work as I have in the last 6 weeks?  I assure you this is 
unusual for me.
Hopefully we can sign some documents on Monday.  Call me on my cell phone if 
you need me.

Phillip

Reagan,

I am still reviewing the numbers but here are some initial thoughts.

Are you proposing a cost plus contract with no cap?

What role would you play in obtaining financing?  Any experience with FHA 
221(d) loans?  

Although your fees are lower than George and Larry I am still getting market 
quotes lower yet.  I have received estimates structured as follows:

  5% - onsite expenses, supervision, clean up, equipment
  2%- overhead
  4%- profit

I just wanted to give you this initial feedback.  I have also attached an 
extremely primitive spreadsheet to outline the project.  As you can see even 
reducing the builders fees to the numbers above the project would only 
generate $219,194 of cash flow for a return of 21%.  I am not thrilled about 
such a low return.  I think I need to find a way to get the total cost down 
to $10,500,000 which would boost the return to 31%.  Any ideas?

I realize that you are offering significant development experience plus you 
local connections.  I am not discounting those services.   I will be out of 
the office for the rest of the week, but I will call you early next week.

Phillip

Cary,

Here is the picture of the house I have in mind.  I was going for a simple
farmhouse style to  place on 5 acres near Wimberley.

A few points that might not be obvious from the plans are:

There will be a double porch across the back just like the front
No dormers (Metal roof)
1/2 bath under stairs
Overall dimensions are 55 by 40

What I am looking for is a little design help in the kitchen.  More
cabinets, maybe a different shaped island, and a way to enlarge the pantry.
Reagan
suggested that I find a way to make the exterior more attractive.  I want
to keep a simple roof line to avoid leaks, but I was thinking about
bringing the left
side forward in the front of the house and place 1 gable in the front.
That might look good if the exterior was stone and stucco.  Also the front
porch would
be smaller.

I have 3 bids from builders all around $325,000.  I am ready to go ahead
and have the plans done so I can spec out all the finishings and choose a
builder.
I just wanted to give you the opportunity to do the work.  As I mentioned
my alternative is $0.60/ft.  I thought that since I had a such a detailed
sketch, you might consider the job for less than the $6,000 that Reagan
allowed.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

Hunter S Shively
03/26/2001 10:01 AM

Bob,

I spoke to Jeff.  He said he would not pay anything. I am waiting for John to 
be in a good mood to ask.  What is plan B?

Phillip

<postmaster@caprock.net> on 03/29/2001 07:58:51 AM
Cary,

Here is the picture of the house I have in mind.  I was going for a simple
farmhouse style to  place on 5 acres near Wimberley.

A few points that might not be obvious from the plans are:

There will be a double porch across the back just like the front
No dormers (Metal roof)
1/2 bath under stairs
Overall dimensions are 55 by 40

What I am looking for is a little design help in the kitchen.  More
cabinets, maybe a different shaped island, and a way to enlarge the pantry.
Reagan
suggested that I find a way to make the exterior more attractive.  I want
to keep a simple roof line to avoid leaks, but I was thinking about
bringing the left
side forward in the front of the house and place 1 gable in the front.
That might look good if the exterior was stone and stucco.  Also the front
porch would
be smaller.

I have 3 bids from builders all around $325,000.  I am ready to go ahead
and have the plans done so I can spec out all the finishings and choose a
builder.
I just wanted to give you the opportunity to do the work.  As I mentioned
my alternative is $0.60/ft.  I thought that since I had a such a detailed
sketch, you might consider the job for less than the $6,000 that Reagan
allowed.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

Hunter S Shively
03/26/2001 10:01 AM

(See attached file: F828FA00.PDF)

(See attached file: F828FA00.PDF)

 - F828FA00.PDF

<postmaster@caprock.net> on 03/29/2001 07:36:51 AM
Received: from postmaster.enron.com ([192.152.140.9]) by mail1.caprock.net  
with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.5.1877.197.19);  Thu, 29 Mar 2001 09:36:49 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (mailman.enron.com [192.168.189.66]) by 
postmaster.enron.com (8.8.8/8.8.8/postmaster-1.00) with ESMTP id PAB09150 for 
<scsatkfa@caprock.net>; Thu, 29 Mar 2001 15:42:03 GMT

Cary,

Here is the picture of the house I have in mind.  I was going for a simple
farmhouse style to  place on 5 acres near Wimberley.

A few points that might not be obvious from the plans are:

There will be a double porch across the back just like the front
No dormers (Metal roof)
1/2 bath under stairs
Overall dimensions are 55 by 40

What I am looking for is a little design help in the kitchen.  More
cabinets, maybe a different shaped island, and a way to enlarge the pantry.
Reagan
suggested that I find a way to make the exterior more attractive.  I want
to keep a simple roof line to avoid leaks, but I was thinking about
bringing the left
side forward in the front of the house and place 1 gable in the front.
That might look good if the exterior was stone and stucco.  Also the front
porch would
be smaller.

I have 3 bids from builders all around $325,000.  I am ready to go ahead
and have the plans done so I can spec out all the finishings and choose a
builder.
I just wanted to give you the opportunity to do the work.  As I mentioned
my alternative is $0.60/ft.  I thought that since I had a such a detailed
sketch, you might consider the job for less than the $6,000 that Reagan
allowed.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

Hunter S Shively
03/26/2001 10:01 AM

(See attached file: F828FA00.PDF)

 - F828FA00.PDF

Cary,

Here is the picture of the house I have in mind.  I was going for a simple 
farmhouse style to  place on 5 acres near Wimberley.  

A few points that might not be obvious from the plans are:

There will be a double porch across the back just like the front
No dormers (Metal roof)
1/2 bath under stairs
Overall dimensions are 55 by 40

What I am looking for is a little design help in the kitchen.  More cabinets, 
maybe a different shaped island, and a way to enlarge the pantry.    Reagan 
suggested that I find a way to make the exterior more attractive.  I want to 
keep a simple roof line to avoid leaks, but I was thinking about bringing the 
left
side forward in the front of the house and place 1 gable in the front.  That 
might look good if the exterior was stone and stucco.  Also the front porch 
would 
be smaller.

I have 3 bids from builders all around $325,000.  I am ready to go ahead and 
have the plans done so I can spec out all the finishings and choose a builder.
I just wanted to give you the opportunity to do the work.  As I mentioned my 
alternative is $0.60/ft.  I thought that since I had a such a detailed 
sketch, you might consider the job for less than the $6,000 that Reagan 
allowed.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

Hunter S Shively
03/26/2001 10:01 AM

no problem

Reagan,

Thank you for the quick response on the bid for the residence.  Below is a 
list of questions on the specs:

1.  Is the framing Lumber #2 yellow pine?  Wouldn't fir or spruce warp less 
and cost about the same?

2.  What type of floor joist would be used?  2x12 or some sort of factory 
joist?

3.  What type for roof framing?  On site built rafters? or engineered trusses?

4.  Are you planning for insulation between floors to dampen sound?  What 
type of insulation in floors and ceiling?  Batts or blown?  Fiberglass or 
Cellulose?

5.  Any ridge venting or other vents (power or turbine)?

6. Did you bid for interior windows to have trim on 4 sides?  I didn't know 
the difference between an apron and a stool.

7.  Do you do anything special under the upstairs tile floors to prevent 
cracking?  Double plywood or hardi board underlay?

8.  On the stairs, did you allow for a bannister?  I was thinking a partial 
one out of iron.  Only about 5 feet.

9.  I did not label it on the plan, but I was intending for a 1/2 bath under 
the stairs. A pedestal sink would probably work.

10.  Are undermount sinks different than drop ins?  I was thinking undermount 
stainless in kitchen and undermount cast iron in baths.

11.  1 or 2 A/C units?  I am assuming 2.

12.  Prewired for sound indoors and outdoors?

13.  No door and drawer pulls on any cabinets or just bath cabinets?

14.  Exterior porches included in bid?  Cedar decking on upstairs?  Iron 
railings?

15.  What type of construction contract would you use?  Fixed price except 
for change orders?

I want to get painfully detailed with the specs before I make a decision but 
this is a start.  I think I am ready to get plans drawn up.  I am going to 
call Cary Kipp to
see about setting up a design meeting to see if I like his ideas.

Phillip
I

 

Larry,

Jacques has sent a document to Claudia for your review.  Just dropping you a 
line to confirm that you have seen it.

Phillip

Jacques,

Would it be ok if I signed new consulting agreements with the engineer and 
architect?  They have both sent me agreements.  The only payment
that George and Larry had made was $2,350 to the architect.  I have written 
personal checks in the amounts of $25,000 to the architect and $13,950 to the 
engineer.
I was wondering if the prior work even needs to be listed as an asset of the 
partnership.  

I would like for the agreements with these consultants to be with the 
partnership not with me.  Should I wait until the partnership has been 
conveyed to sign in the name of the partnership.

Let me know what you think.

Phillip

Hunter S Shively
03/26/2001 10:01 AM

Hunter S Shively
03/26/2001 10:01 AM

Greg,

Here are my comments and questions on the cost estimates:

Cost per square foot seem too low for construction $33.30/sf (gross)/$36/sf 
(rentable)

What do the cost for On-Site General Requirements ( $299,818) represent?

Will you review the builders profit and fees with me again?  You mentioned 2% 
overhead, 3 %  ???, and 5% profit.

Why is profit only 4%? 

Why are the architect fees up to $200K.  I thought they would be $80K.

What is the $617K of profit allowance?  Is that the developers profit to 
boost loan amount but not a real cost?

Total Closing and Application costs of 350K?  That seems very high?  Who 
receives the 2 points?  How much will be sunk costs if FHA declines us?

Where is your 1%?  Are you receiving one of the points on the loan?

What is the status on the operating pro forma?  My back of the envelope puts 
NOI at $877K assuming 625/1BR, 1300/3BR, 950/2BR, 5% vacancy, and 40% 
expenses.  After debt service that would only leave $122K.  The coverage 
would only be 1.16.

Talk to you this afternoon.

Phillip

liane_kucher@mcgraw-hill.com on 10/31/2000 09:57:05 AM
Phil,
Thanks so much for pulling together the November bidweek information for the
West and getting it to us with so much detail well before our deadline. Please
call me if you have any questions, comments, and/or concerns about bidweek.

Liane Kucher, Inside FERC Gas Market Report
202-383-2147

Grif,

Please provide a temporary id

Phillip
Dexter Steis <dexter@intelligencepress.com> on 03/26/2001 02:22:41 PM
Hi Phillip,

It's that time of month again, if you could be so kind.

Thanks,

Dexter

*****************************
Dexter Steis
Executive Publisher
Intelligence Press, Inc.
22648 Glenn Drive Suite 305
Sterling, VA 20164
tel: (703) 318-8848
fax: (703) 318-0597
http://intelligencepress.com
http://www.gasmart.com
******************************

At 09:57 AM 1/26/01 -0600, you wrote:

>Dexter,
>
>You should receive a guest id shortly.
>
>Phillip

John,

Mike is fine with signing a new contract (subject to reading the terms, of 
course).  He prefers to set strikes over a 3 month period.  His existing 
contract pays him a retention payment of $55,000 in the next week.  He still 
wants to receive this payment.

Phillip

Reagan,

 Here is a photograhph of the house I have in mind.

 Specific features include:

 Stained and scored concrete floors downstairs
 Wood stairs
 Two story porches on front and rear
 Granite counters in kitchens and baths
 Tile floors in upstairs baths
 Metal roof w/ gutters (No dormers)
 Cherry or Maple cabinets in kitchen & baths
 Solid wood interior doors
 Windows fully trimmed
 Crown molding in downstairs living areas
 2x6 wall on west side

 Undecided items include:

 Vinyl or Aluminum windows
 Wood or carpet in upstairs bedrooms and game room
 Exterior stucco w/ stone apron and window trim  or rough white brick on 3-4 
sides
 
 
 I have faxed you the floor plans.  The dimensions may be to small to read.  
The overall dimensions are 55' X 40'.  For a total of 4400 sq ft under roof, 
but 
 only 3800 of livable space after you deduct the garage.  

 Are there any savings in the simplicity of the design?  It is basically a 
box with a simple roof 
 line.  Call me if you have any questions. 713-853-7041.

Phillip 
Hunter S Shively
03/26/2001 10:01 AM

Greg,

Something that I forgot to ask you.  Do you know if Hugo is planning to 
replatt using an administrative process which I understand is quicker than 
the full replatting process of 3 weeks?

Also let me know about the parking.  The builder in San Marcos believed the 
plan only had 321 parking spots but would require 382 by code.  The townhomes 
across the street have a serious parking problem.  They probably planned for 
the students to park in the garages but instead they are used as extra rooms.

Phillip

keith holst sent you an email with the details.

Jacques,

The agreement looks fine.   My only comment is that George and Larry might 
object to the language that "the bank that was requested to finance the 
construction of the project declined to make the loan based on the high costs 
of the construction of the Project".   Technically, that bank lowered the 
loan amount based on lower estimates of rents which altered the amount of 
equity that would be required. 

Did I loan them $1,300,000?  I thought it was less.

Regarding Exhibit A, the assets include:  the land, architectural plans, 
engineering completed, appraisal, and soils study.   Most of these items are 
in a state of partial completion by the consultants.  I have been speaking 
directly to the architect, engineer, and soils engineer.   I am unclear on 
what is the best way to proceed with these consultants.  

The obligations should include the fees owed to the consultants above.  Do we 
need to list balances due or just list the work completed as an asset  and 
give consideration of $5,875 for the cash paid to the engineer and appraisor.

Phillip

Hope this helps!  This is the current gas desk list that I have in my 
personal address book.  Call me with any questions.

Erika
GROUP: East Desk

Basics:	
Group name:	East Desk
Group type:	Multi-purpose
Description:	
Members:	Matthew B Fleming/HOU/EES
James R Barker/HOU/EES
Barend VanderHorst/HOU/EES
Jay Blaine/HOU/EES
Paul Tate/HOU/EES
Alain Diza/HOU/EES
Rhonda Smith/HOU/EES
Christina Bangle/HOU/EES
Sherry Pendegraft/HOU/EES
Marde L Driscoll/HOU/EES
Daniel Salinas/HOU/EES
Sharon Hausinger/HOU/EES
Joshua Bray/HOU/EES
James Wiltfong/HOU/EES

Owners:	Erika Dupre/HOU/EES
Administrators:	Erika Dupre/HOU/EES
Foreign directory sync allowed:	Yes

GROUP: West Desk

Basics:	
Group name:	West Desk
Group type:	Multi-purpose
Description:	
Members:	Jesus Guerra/HOU/EES
Monica Roberts/HOU/EES
Laura R Arnold/HOU/EES
Amanda Boettcher/HOU/EES
C Kyle Griffin/HOU/EES
Jess Hewitt/HOU/EES
Artemio Muniz/HOU/EES
Eugene Zeitz/HOU/EES
Brandon Whittaker/HOU/EES
Roland Aguilar/HOU/EES
Ruby Robinson/HOU/EES
Roger Reynolds/HOU/EES
David Coolidge/HOU/EES
Joseph Des Champs/HOU/EES
Kristann Shireman/HOU/EES

Owners:	Erika Dupre/HOU/EES
Administrators:	Erika Dupre/HOU/EES
Foreign directory sync allowed:	Yes

Steve,

Try bmckay@enron.com or Brad.McKay@enron.com

Larry,

Jacques has been working with Claudia.  I will check his progress this 
morning and let you know.

Phillip

Greg,

just a note to let you know I will be out of the office Wed(3/21) until 
Thurs(3/23).  The kids are on spring break.  I will be in San Marcos and you 
can reach me on my cell phone 713-410-4679 or email pallen70@hotmail.com.

I was planning on stopping by to see Hugo Elizondo on Thursday to drop off a 
check and give him the green light to file for replatting.  What will change 
if we want to try and complete the project in phases.  Does he need to change 
what he is going to submit to the city.

I spoke to Gordon Kohutek this morning.  He was contracted to complete the 
soils study.  He says he will be done with his report by the end of the 
week.  I don't know who needs this report.  I told Gordon you might call to 
inquire about what work he performed. His number is 512-930-5832.

We spoke on the phone about most of these issues.

Talk to you later.

Phillip

                        	
	Enron Technology
	

Phillip,

It looks as though we have most of the interim hardware upgrades in the 
building now, although we are still expecting a couple of components to 
arrive on Monday.

The Unix Team / DBA Team and Applications team expect to have a working test 
server environment on Tuesday. If anything changes, I'll let you know.

best regards

Steve Stock

Jacques,

Here is Larry Lewter's response to my request for more documentation to 
support the $15,000.  As you will read below, it is no longer an issue.  I 
think that was the last issue to resolve. 

Phillip

Phillip, the title company held the $15,000 in escrow and it has been
returned. It is no longer and issue.
Larry

Larrry,

I realize you are disappointed about the project.  It is not my desire for
you to be left with out of pocket expenses.  The only item from your list
that I need further
clarification is the $15,000 worth of extensions.  You mentioned that this
was applied to the cost of the land and it actually represents your cash
investment in the land.  I agree that you should be refunded any cash
investment.  My only request is that you help me locate this amount on the
closing statement or on some other document.

Phillip

Ina,

Can you help me approve this request?

Phillip

ARSystem <ARSystem@mailman.enron.com> on 03/16/2001 05:15:12 PM
This request has been pending your approval for  9 days.  Please click 
http://itcapps.corp.enron.com/srrs/auth/emailLink.asp?ID=000000000021442&Page=
Approval to review and act upon this request.

Request ID          : 000000000021442
Request Create Date : 3/2/01 8:27:00 AM
Requested For       : mike.grigsby@enron.com
Resource Name       : Market Data Bloomberg
Resource Type       : Applications

Jacques,

Still trying to close the loop on the $15,000 of extensions.  Assuming that 
it is worked out today or tomorrow, I would like to get whatever documents 
need to be
completed to convey the partnership done.  I need to work with the engineer 
and architect to get things moving.  I am planning on  writing a personal 
check to the engineer while I am setting up new accounts.  Let me know if 
there is a reason I should not do this.

Thanks for all your help so far.  Between your connections and expertise in 
structuring the loan, you saved us from getting into a bad deal.

Phillip

Larrry,

I realize you are disappointed about the project.  It is not my desire for 
you to be left with out of pocket expenses.  The only item from your list 
that I need further 
clarification is the $15,000 worth of extensions.  You mentioned that this 
was applied to the cost of the land and it actually represents your cash 
investment in the land.  I agree that you should be refunded any cash 
investment.  My only request is that you help me locate this amount on the 
closing statement or on some other document.

Phillip

Jacques,

I think we reached an agreement with George and Larry to pick up the items of 
value and not pay any fees for their time.  It looks as if we will be able to 
use everything they have done (engineering, architecture, survey, 
appraisal).  One point that is unclear is they claim that the $15,000 in 
extensions that they paid was applied to the purchase price of the land like 
earnest money would be applied.  I looked at the closing statements and I 
didn't see $15,000 applied against the purchase price.  Can you help clear 
this up.

Assuming we clear up the $15,000, we need to get the property released.  
Keith and I are concerned about taking over the Bishop Corner partnership and 
the risk that there could be undisclosed liabilities.  On the other hand, 
conveyance of the partnership would be a time and money saver if it was 
clean.  What is your inclination?

Call as soon as you have a chance to review.

Phillip

Mike Grigsby
03/14/2001 07:32 PM
Let's talk to Matt about the forecast sheets for Socal and PG&E.  He needs to 
work on the TW sheet as well.   Also, I would like him to create a sheet on 
pipeline expansions and their rates and then tie in the daily curves for the 
desk to use.

Mike

Lucy,

Here is the rentroll.

My only questions are about #18, #25, and #37 missed rent.  Any special 
reasons?

It looks like there are five vacancies #2,12,20a,35,40.  If you want to run 
an ad in the paper with a $50 discount that is fine.
I will write you a letter of recommendation.  When do you need it?  You can 
use me as a reference.  In the next two weeks we should really have a good 
idea whether the sale is going through.

Phillip

I also need to know the base salaries of Jay Reitmeyer and Monique Sanchez.  
They are doing the same job as Matt.

FYI Western Price Survey Contacts

Cal-ISO's declaration of Stage Two alert this morning was triggered
in part by decision of Bonneville Power Administration to cease
hour-to-hour sales into California of between 600 MW and 1,000
MW that it had been making for the past week. According to BPA,
it had excess energy to sell as a result of running water to meet
biological opinion flow standards, but it has stopped doing so in
order to allow reservoirs to fill from runoff. The agency said it had
been telling California's Department of Water Resources that the
sales could cease at any time, and this morning they ended.

Cal-ISO reported about 1,600 MW less imports today than
yesterday, so it appears other sellers have also cut back.
Yesterday, PowerEx said it was not selling into California because
of concerns about its water reserves. BPA said it is still sending
exchange energy into California, however.

More details, if available, will be included in the Friday edition of the
Western Price Survey and in California Energy Markets newsletter.

Thanks for the information.  It would be helpful if you would send the 
detailed worksheet that you mentioned.

I am surprised to hear that the only restricted shares left are the ones 
granted this January.  I have always elected to defer any distributions of 
restricted stock.  I believe I selected the minimum amount required to be 
kept in enron stock (50%).   Are you saying that all the previous grants have 
fully vested and been distributed to my deferral account?

Thank you for looking into this issue.

Phillip

Greg,

            The kids are into typical toys and games.  Justin likes power 
ranger stuff.  Kelsey really likes art.  Books would also be good.  

            We are spending Christmas in Houston with Heather's sister.  We 
are planning to come to San Marcos for New Years.  

            How long will you stay?  what are your plans?  Email me with 
latest happenings with you in the big city.

keith

	
	

We linked the file you sent us to telerate and we replace >40000 equals $250 
to a 41.67 heat rate.  We applied forward gas prices to historical loads.  I 
guess this gives us a picture of a low load year and a normal load year.  
Prices seem low.  Looks like November NP15 is trading above the cap based on 
Nov 99 loads and current gas prices.  What about a forecast for this November 
loads.

Let me know what you think.

Phillip

Andrew_M_Ozuna@bankone.com on 03/15/2001 10:06:15 AM
(See attached file: outline.doc)

(See attached file: MAPTTRA.xls)

(Sample checklist of items needed for closing.  We have received some of the
items to date)

(See attached file: Checklist.doc)

 - outline.doc
 - MAPTTRA.xls
 - Checklist.doc

Lucy,

Somehow my email account lost the rentroll you sent me on Tuesday.  Please 
resend it and I will roll it for this week this morning.

Phillip

	
	

[IMAGE][IMAGE]??????????? ??????????? 

 

8511 Horseshoe Ledge, Austin, TX? 78730-2840

Telephone (512) 338-1119? Fax(512)338-1103
E-Mail? cbpres@austin.rr.com

?

?

?

?

March 13, 2001? 

Phillip Allen

Keith Holst

ENRON

1400 Smith Street

Houston, TX? 77002-7361

Dear Phillip and Keith: 

We are prepared to sell Bishops Corner, Ltd. for reimbursement of our cash 
expenditures; compensation for our management services and your assumption of 
all note obligations and design contracts.? 

As shown on the attached summary table, cash expenditures total $21,196 and 
existing contracts to the architect, civil engineer, soils testing company, 
and appraisal total $67,050.? The due on these contracts is $61,175, of which 
current unpaid invoices due total $37,325.

Acting in good faith, we have invested an enormous amount of time into this 
project for more than five months and have completed most of the major design 
and other pre-construction elements.? As it is a major project for a firm of 
our size, it was given top priority with other projects being delayed or 
rejected, and we are now left with no project to pursue.? 

Two methods for valuing this development management are 1) based on a 
percentage of the minimum $1.4MM fee we were to have earned and 2) based on 
your prior valuation of our time.? For the first, we feel that at least 25%, 
or $350,000, of the minimum $1.4MM fee has been earned to date.? For the 
second, in your prior correspondence you valued our time at $500,000 per 
year, which would mean this period was worth $208,333.? Either of these 
valuations seem quite fair and reasonable, especially as neither includes the 
forfeit of our 40% interest in the project worth $0.8--$1.2MM. ?However, in 
the hope that we can maintain a good relationship with the prospect of future 
projects, we are willing to accept only a small monthly fee of $15,000 per 
month to cover a portion of our direct time and overhead.? As shown in the 
attached table, this fee, plus cash outlays and less accrued interest brings 
the total net buyout to $78,946.? 

We still believe that this project needs the professional services that we 
offer and have provided.? However, if you accept the terms of this buyout 
offer, which we truly feel is quite fair and reasonable, then, we are 
prepared to be bought out and leave this extraordinary project to you both.? 
If this is your 

choice, either contact us, or have your attorney contact our attorney, 
Claudia Crocker, no later than Friday of this week.? The attorneys can then 
draft whatever minimal documents are necessary for the transfer of the 
Bishops Corner, Ltd. Partnership to you following receipt of the buyout 
amount and assumption of the outstanding professional design contracts.

Thank you.

?

Sincerely,

[IMAGE]

?

?

?

George W. Richards 

President

P.S.????? Copies of contracts will be forwarded upon acceptance of buyout.

?

	
	

Here is the buyout spreadsheet again with a slight tweak in the format.  The 
summary  presents the numbers as only $1400 in concessions.

Gentlemen,

Today I finally received some information on the status of the work done to 
date.  I spoke to Hugo Alexandro at Cuatro Consultants.  The property is 
still in two parcels.  Hugo has completed a platt to combine into one  lot 
and is ready to submit it to the city of San Marcos.  He has also completed a 
topographical survey and a tree survey.  In addition, he has begun to 
coordinate with the city on the replatting and a couple of easements on the 
smaller parcel, as well as, beginning the work on the grading.  Hugo is going 
to fax me a written letter of the scope of work he has been engaged to 
complete.  The total cost of his services are estimated at $38,000 of which 
$14,000 are due now for work completed.  

We are trying to resolve the issues of outstanding work and bills incurred by 
the original developer so we can obtain the title to the land.  If we can 
continue to use Cuatro then it would be one less point of contention.  Hugo's 
number is 512-295-8052.  I thought you might want to contact him directly and 
ask him some questions.  I spoke to him about the possibility of your call 
and he was fine with that.  

Now we are going to try and determine if any of the work performed by Kipp 
Flores can be used.

Keith and I appreciate you meeting with us on Sunday.  We left very 
optimistic about the prospect of working with you on this project.

Call me with feedback after you speak to Hugo or with any other ideas about 
moving this project forward.

Phillip

Here is the buyout spreadsheet again with a slight tweak in the format.  The 
summary  presents the numbers as only $1400 in concessions.

Jacques,

George finally sent me some information.  Please look over his email.  He 
wants us to buy him out.  Keith and I think this is a joke.  

We still need to speak to his engineer and find out about his soil study to 
determine if it has any value going forward.  I don't believe the architect 
work will be of any use to us.  I don't think they deserve any compensation 
for their time due to the fact that intentional or not the project they were 
proposing was unsupportable by the market.  

My version of a buyout is attached.

I need your expert advise.  I am ready to offer my version or threaten to 
foreclose.  Do they have a case that they are due money for their time?  
Since their cost
and fees didn't hold up versus the market and we didn't execute a contract, I 
wouldn't think they would stand a chance.  There isn't any time to waste so I 
want to respond to their offer asap.

Call me with your thoughts.

Phillip

[IMAGE][IMAGE]??????????? ??????????? 

 

8511 Horseshoe Ledge, Austin, TX? 78730-2840

Telephone (512) 338-1119? Fax(512)338-1103
E-Mail? cbpres@austin.rr.com

?

?

?

?

March 13, 2001? 

Phillip Allen

Keith Holst

ENRON

1400 Smith Street

Houston, TX? 77002-7361

Dear Phillip and Keith: 

We are prepared to sell Bishops Corner, Ltd. for reimbursement of our cash 
expenditures; compensation for our management services and your assumption of 
all note obligations and design contracts.? 

As shown on the attached summary table, cash expenditures total $21,196 and 
existing contracts to the architect, civil engineer, soils testing company, 
and appraisal total $67,050.? The due on these contracts is $61,175, of which 
current unpaid invoices due total $37,325.

Acting in good faith, we have invested an enormous amount of time into this 
project for more than five months and have completed most of the major design 
and other pre-construction elements.? As it is a major project for a firm of 
our size, it was given top priority with other projects being delayed or 
rejected, and we are now left with no project to pursue.? 

Two methods for valuing this development management are 1) based on a 
percentage of the minimum $1.4MM fee we were to have earned and 2) based on 
your prior valuation of our time.? For the first, we feel that at least 25%, 
or $350,000, of the minimum $1.4MM fee has been earned to date.? For the 
second, in your prior correspondence you valued our time at $500,000 per 
year, which would mean this period was worth $208,333.? Either of these 
valuations seem quite fair and reasonable, especially as neither includes the 
forfeit of our 40% interest in the project worth $0.8--$1.2MM. ?However, in 
the hope that we can maintain a good relationship with the prospect of future 
projects, we are willing to accept only a small monthly fee of $15,000 per 
month to cover a portion of our direct time and overhead.? As shown in the 
attached table, this fee, plus cash outlays and less accrued interest brings 
the total net buyout to $78,946.? 

We still believe that this project needs the professional services that we 
offer and have provided.? However, if you accept the terms of this buyout 
offer, which we truly feel is quite fair and reasonable, then, we are 
prepared to be bought out and leave this extraordinary project to you both.? 
If this is your 

choice, either contact us, or have your attorney contact our attorney, 
Claudia Crocker, no later than Friday of this week.? The attorneys can then 
draft whatever minimal documents are necessary for the transfer of the 
Bishops Corner, Ltd. Partnership to you following receipt of the buyout 
amount and assumption of the outstanding professional design contracts.

Thank you.

?

Sincerely,

[IMAGE]

?

?

?

George W. Richards 

President

P.S.????? Copies of contracts will be forwarded upon acceptance of buyout.

?

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of 
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.
 - 1494 How To File.pdf

George,

I didn't receive the information on work completed or started.  Please send 
it this morning.  

We haven't discussed how to proceed with the land.  The easiest treatment 
would be just to deed it to us.  However, it might be more
advantageous to convey the partnership.

Also, I would like to speak to Hugo today.  I didn't find a Quattro 
Engineering in Buda.  Can you put me in contact with him.

Talk to you later.

Phillip 

We linked the file you sent us to telerate and we replace >40000 equals $250 
to a 41.67 heat rate.  We applied forward gas prices to historical loads.  I 
guess this gives us a picture of a low load year and a normal load year.  
Prices seem low.  Looks like November NP15 is trading above the cap based on 
Nov 99 loads and current gas prices.  What about a forecast for this November 
loads.

Let me know what you think.

Phillip

Mike Grigsby
03/07/2001 08:05 PM
Let's have Matt start on the following:

Database for hourly storage activity on Socal.  Begin forecasting hourly and 
daily activity by backing out receipts, using ISO load actuals and backing 
out real time imports to get in state gen numbers for gas consumption, and 
then using temps to estimate core gas load.  Back testing once he gets 
database created should help him forecast core demand.

Update Socal and PG&E forecast sheets.  Also, break out new gen by EPNG and 
TW pipelines.

Mike

Lucy, 

Here is a rentroll for this week.  

What is the outstanding balance on #1.  It looks like 190 + 110(this week)= 
300.  I don't think we should make him pay late fees if can't communicate 
clearly.

#2 still owe deposit?

#9  What day will she pay and is she going to pay monthly or biweekly.

Have a good weekend.  I will talk to you next week.

In about two weeks we should know for sure if these buyers are going to buy 
the property.  I will keep you informed.

Phillip

Please approve Mike Grigsby for Bloomberg.  

Thank You,
Phillip Allen

Andrew_M_Ozuna@bankone.com on 03/07/2001 11:41:43 AM
Andrew M Ozuna
03/06/2001 03:14 PM

George,

Thank you for the opportunity to review your financing request for the 
Sagewood
Phase II project.  Upon receipt of all the requested information regarding the
project, we completed somewhat of a due diligence on the market.  There are a
number of concerns which need to be addressed prior to the Bank moving forward
on the transaction.  First, the pro-forma rental rates, when compared on a
Bedroom to Bedroom basis, are high relative to the market.   We adjusted
pro-forma downward to match the market rates and the rates per bedroom we are
acheiving on the existing Sagewood project.  Additionally, there are about 
500+
units coming on-line within the next 12 months in the City of San Marcos, 
this,
we believe will causes some downward rent pressures which can have a serious
effect on an over leveraged project.  We have therefore adjusted the requested
loan amount to $8,868,000.

I have summarized our issues as follows:

1.  Pro-forma rental rates were adjusted downward to market as follows:

     Pro-Forma                           Bank's Adjustment
     Unit           Unit Rent Rent/BR    Unit Rent      Rent/BR
     2 BR/2.5 BA         $1,150          $575           $950           $475
     3 BR/Unit      $1,530         $510       $1,250         $417

2.  Pro-forma expenses were increased to include a $350/unit reserve for unit
turn over.

3.  A market vacancy factor of 5% was applied to Potential Gross Income (PGI).

4.  Based on the Bank's revised N.O.I. of $1,075,000, the project can support
debt in the amount of $8,868,000, and maintain our loan parameters of 1.25x 
debt
coverage ratio, on a 25 year amo., and 8.60% phantom interest rate.

5.  The debt service will be approx. $874,000/year.

6.  Given the debt of $8,868,000, the Borrower will be required to provide
equity of $2,956,000, consisting of the following:

     Land -                   $1,121,670
     Deferred profit& Overhead     $    415,000
     Cash Equity              $1,419,268
     Total                    $2,955,938

7. Equity credit for deferred profit and overhead was limited to a percentage 
of
actual hard construction costs.

(See attached file: MAPTTRA.xls)

 - MAPTTRA.xls

Darrell,

Today I let the builder/developer know that I would not proceed with his 
excessively high cost estimates.  As he did not have the funds to take on the 
land himself, he was agreeable to turning over the land to me.  I would like 
to proceed and develop the property. 

 My thought is to compare the financing between Bank One and FHA.  I would 
also like to compare construction and development services between what you 
can do and a local builder in San Marcos that I have been speaking with.  
Making a trip to meet you and take a look at some of your projects seems to 
be in order.  I am trying to get the status of engineering and architectural 
work to date.  Once again the architect is Kipp Florres and the engineer is 
Quattro Consultants out of Buda.  Let me know if you have an opinion about 
either.

I look forward to working with you.  Talk to you tomorrow.

Phillip

TIM HEIZENRADER
03/05/2001 09:06 AM
Phillip:

Here's a summary of our current forecast(s) for PNW hydro. Please give me a 
call when you have time, and I'll explain the old BiOp / new BiOp issue.

Tim

Reagan,

Here is the cost estimate and proforma prepared by George and Larry.  I am 
faxing the site plan, elevation, and floor plans.

Phillip

I just refaxed. Please confirm receipt

I faxed you the signed amendment.

Daryl,

Here is the file that includes the proforma, unit costs, and comps.  This 
file was prepared by the builder/developer.

The architect that has begun to work on the project is Kipp Flores.  They are 
in Austin.

Thank you for your time this evening.  Your comments were very helpful.  I 
appreciate you and Greg taking a look at this project.

Phillip Allen
pallen@enron.com
713-853-7041

Dexter,

               I spoke to our EOL support group and requested a guest id for 
you.  Did you receive an email with a login and password yesterday?
If not, call me and I will find out why not.

Phillip
713-853-7041

Al,

I was not going to do the MS this year.  Thanks for the offer though.

All is well here.  We went to Colorado last week and the kids learned to 
ski.  Work is same as always.
How are things going at New Power?  Is there any potential?

Phillip

John,

Did you put Frank Hayden up to this?  If this decision is up to me I would=
=20
consider authorizing Mike G., Frank E., Keith H. and myself to trade west=
=20
power.  What do you think?

Phillip

I=01,ve been asked to provide an updated list on who is authorized to cross=
=20
trade what commodities/products.  As soon as possible, please reply to this=
=20
email with the names of only the authorized =01&cross commodity=018 traders=
 and=20
their respective commodities. (natural gas, crude, heat, gasoline, weather,=
=20
precip, coal, power, forex (list currency), etc..)

Thanks,

Frank

PS. Traders limited to one commodity do not need to be included on this lis=
t.

George,

I am back in the office and ready to focus on the project.  I still have
the concerns that I had last week.  Specifically that the costs of our
project are too high.  I have gathered more information that support my
concerns.  Based on my research, I believe the project should cost around
$10.5 million.  The components are as follows:

     Unit Cost, Site work, &
     builders profit($52/sf)             $7.6 million

     Land                      1.15

     Interim Financing               .85

     Common Areas                     .80

     Total                         $10.4

Since Reagan's last 12 units are selling for around $190,000, I am unable
to get comfortable building a larger project at over $95,000/unit in costs.

Also, the comps used in the appraisal from Austin appear to be class A
properties.  It seems unlikely that student housing in San Marcos can
produce the same rent or sales price.  There should adjustments for
location and the seasonal nature of student rental property.  I recognize
that Sagewood is currently performing at occupancy and $/foot rental rates
that are closer to the appraisal and your pro formas, however, we do not
believe that the market will sustain these levels on a permanent basis.
Supply will inevitablely increase to drive this market more in balance.

After the real estate expert from Houston reviewed the proforma and cost
estimates, his comments were that the appraisal is overly optimistic.  He
feels that the permanent financing would potentially be around $9.8
million.  We would not even be able to cover the interim financing.

Keith and I have reviewed the project thoroughly and are in agreement that
we cannot proceed with total cost estimates significantly above $10.5
million.   We would like to have a conference call Tuesday afternoon to 
discuss
alternatives.

Phillip

George,

I am back in the office and ready to focus on the project.  I still have the 
concerns that I had last week.  Specifically that the costs of our project 
are too high.  I have gathered more information that support my concerns.  
Based on my research, I believe the project should cost around $10.5 
million.  The components are as follows:

 Unit Cost, Site work, &
 builders profit($52/sf)   $7.6 million

 Land      1.15

 Interim Financing     .85

 Common Areas       .80

 Total     $10.4

Since Reagan's last 12 units are selling for around $190,000, I am unable to 
get comfortable building a larger project at over $95,000/unit in costs.  

Also, the comps used in the appraisal from Austin appear to be class A 
properties.  It seems unlikely that student housing in San Marcos can produce 
the same rent or sales price.  There should adjustments for location and the 
seasonal nature of student rental property.  I recognize that Sagewood is 
currently performing at occupancy and $/foot rental rates that are closer to 
the appraisal and your pro formas, however, we do not believe that the market 
will sustain these levels on a permanent basis.  Supply will inevitablely 
increase to drive this market more in balance.

After the real estate expert from Houston reviewed the proforma and cost 
estimates, his comments were that the appraisal is overly optimistic.  He 
feels that the permanent financing would potentially be around $9.8 million.  
We would not even be able to cover the interim financing.

Keith and I have reviewed the project thoroughly and are in agreement that we 
cannot proceed with total cost estimates significantly above $10.5 million.   
We would like to have a conference call tomorrow to discuss alternatives.

Phillip 

  

	
	

I have not received the aircard 300 yet.

Phillip

Don,

I was out last week.  Regarding the Montana supply, you can refer them to 
Mark Whitt in Denver.  

Let me know when you want to have the other meeting.

Also, we frequently give out quotes to mid-marketers on Fred LaGrasta's desk 
or Enron marketers in New York where the customer is EES.  I don't understand 
why your people don't contact the desk directly.

Phillip

liane_kucher@mcgraw-hill.com on 02/28/2001 02:14:43 PM
Sorry, the deadline will have passed. Only Enron's deals through yesterday 
will
be included in our survey.

Anne.Bike@enron.com on 02/28/2001 04:57:52 PM

We will send it out this evening after we Calc our books.  Probably around
7:00 pm

Anne

liane_kucher@mcgraw-hill.com on 02/28/2001 01:43:44 PM

Anne,
Are you planning to send today's bidweek deals soon? I just need to know
whether
to transfer everything to the data base.
Thanks,
Liane Kucher
202-383-2147

Please find attached the pro formas for the project in San Marcos.

Thanks again.

Lucy,

Here are few questions regarding the 2/16 rentroll:

#2  Has she actually paid the $150 deposit.  Her move in date was 2/6.  It is 
not on any rentroll that I can see.

#9  Explain again what deposit and rent is transferring from #41 and when she 
will start paying on #9

#15  Since he has been such a good tenant for so long.  Stop trying to 
collect the $95 in question.

#33  Missed rent.  Are they still there?

#26  I see that she paid a deposit.  But the file says she moved in on 1/30.  
Has she ever paid rent?  I can't find any on the last three deposits.

#44  Have the paid for February?  There is no payment since the beginning of 
the year.

#33  You email said they paid $140 on 1/30 plus $14 in late fees, but I don't 
see that on the 1/26 or 2/2 deposit?

The last three questions add up to over $1200 in missing rent.  I need you to 
figure these out immediately.

I emailed you a new file for 2/23 and have attached the last three rentroll 
in case you need to research these questions.

I will not be in the office next week.  If I can get connected you might be 
able to email me at pallen70@hotmail.com.  Otherwise try and work with Gary 
on pressing issues.  If there is an emergency you can call me at 713-410-4679.

Phillip

George,

 The San Marcos project is sounding very attractive.  I have one other 
investor in addition to Keith that has interest.  Some additional background 
information on Larry and yourself would be helpful.

 Background Questions:
 
 Please provide a brief personal history of the two principals involved in 
Creekside.

 Please list projects completed during the last 5 years.  Include the project 
description, investors, business entity, 

 Please provide the names and numbers of prior investors.

 Please provide the names and numbers of several subcontractors used on 
recent projects.

 With regard to the proposed investment structure, I would suggest a couple 
of changes to better align the risk/reward profile between Creekside and the 
investors. 

 Preferable Investment Structure:

 Developers guarantee note, not investors.

 Preferred rate of return (10%) must be achieved before any profit sharing.

 Builder assumes some risk for cost overruns.

         Since this project appears so promising, it seems like we should 
tackle these issues now.  These questions are not intended to be offensive in 
any way.  It is my desire to build a successful project with Creekside that 
leads to future opportunities.  I  am happy to provide you with any 
information that you need to evaluate myself or Keith as a business partner.

Sincerely,

Phillip Allen

 

George,

I can take a day off the week I get back from vacation.  Any day between 
March 5th-9th would work but Friday or Thursday would be my preference.

Regarding the differences in the two estimates, I don't want to waste your 
time explaining the differences if the 1st forecast was very rough.  The 
items I listed moved dramatically.  Also, some of the questions were just 
clarification of what was in a number.  

Let's try and reach an agreement on the construction manager issue tomorrow 
morning.  

Phillip

George, 

The numbers on your fax don't agree to the first estimate that I am using.  
Here are the two files I used.

Phillip

Andrew_M_Ozuna@bankone.com on 02/21/2001 07:28:47 AM
Phillip -

George Richards asked that I drop you a line this morning to go over some
details on the San Marcos project.

1.  First, do you know if I am to receive a personal financial statement from
Keith?  I want to make sure my credit write-up includes all the principals in
the transaction.

2.  Second, without the forward or take-out our typical Loan to Cost (LTC) 
will
be in the range of 75% - 80%.  The proposed Loan to Value of 75% is within the
acceptable range for a typical Multi-Family deal.  Given the above pro-forma
performance on the Sagewood Townhomes, I am structuring the deal to my credit
officer as an 80% LTC.  This, of course, is subject to the credit officer
signing off on the deal.

3.  The Bank can not give dollar for dollar equity credit on the Developers
deferred profit.  Typically, on past deals a 10% of total project budget as
deferred profit has been acceptable.

Thanks,

Andrew Ozuna
Real Estate Loan Officer
210-271-8386
##

	
	

You can fax it anytime.  But I saved the spreadsheets from the previous 
estimates.  What will be different in the fax?

Attached is a CERA presentation regarding recession impact.  Feel free to 
call in any listen to pre-recorded discussion on slides.  (approx. 20mins)  
CERA is forecasting some recession impact on Ca., but not enough to alleviate 
problem.

Frank

Call in number 1-888-203-1112
Passcode: 647083#

There have been some updates to the cost.  The principal change is in the
addition of masonry on the front of the buildings, which I estimate will
costs at least $84,000 additional.  Also, the trim material and labor costs
have been increased.  I still believe that the total cost is more than
sufficient, but there will be additional updates.

The manager's unit is columns J-L, but the total is not included in the B&N
total of rentable units.  Rather, the total cost for the manager's unit and
office is included as a lump sum under amenities.  I may add this back in as
a rentable unit and delete is as an amenity.

The financing cost has been changed in that the cost of the permanent
mortgage has been deleted because we will not need to obtain this for the
construction loan approval, therefore, its cost will be absorbed when this
loan is obtained.

Based on either a loan equal to 75% of value or 80% of cost, the
construction profit should cover any equity required beyond the land.

George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC

 - SM134 Proforma2.xls

Tomorrow is fine.  Talk to you then.

Phillip

Phillip and Keith, this cold of mine is getting the better of me.  Would it
be possible to reschedule our meeting for tomorrow?  If so, please reply to
this e-mail with a time.  I am open all day, but just need to get some rest
this afternoon.

George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC

Phillip,

I spoke with AMF's broker today, and they will be satisfied with the deal if
we can get the school to agree to limit the current land use restrictions to
the terms that are in the existing agreement.  They do not want the school
to come back at a later date for something different.  Doug Bell will meet
with a school official on Monday to see what their thoughts are about the
subject.  It would be hard for them to change the current agreement, but AMF
wants something in writing to that effect.  I spoke to AMF's attorney today,
and explained the situation.  They are OK with deal if AMF is satisfied.

AMF's broker said that they will be ready to submit their site plan after
the March 29 hearing.  We may close this deal in April.

The Stage is still on go.  An assumption package has been sent to the buyer,
and I have overnighted a copy of the contract and a description of the
details to Wayne McCoy.

I will be gone Thurs. and Fri. of this week.  I will be checking my
messages.

Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
2714 Bee Cave Road, Suite 100-D
Austin, Texas? 78746
512-732-0009
512-732-0010 fax
512-751-9728 mobile

Bob,

 Patti Sullivan held together the scheduling group for two months while Randy 
Gay was on a personal leave.  She displayed a tremendous amount of commitment 
to the west desk during that time.  She frequently came to work before 4 AM 
to prepare operations reports.  Patti worked 7 days a week during this time.  
If long hours were not enough, there was a pipeline explosion during this 
time which put extra volatility into the market and extra pressure on Patti.  
She didn't crack and provided much needed info during this time.

 Patti is performing the duties of a manager but being paid as a sr. 
specialist.  Based on her heroic efforts, she deserves a PBR.  Let me know 
what is an acceptable cash amount.

Phillip

As a reminder, the daily call on California has ended.  

We will now have a single weekly call on Monday at 10:30 am Houston time.  

Updates will be provided through e-mail as required.

Jim Steffes

There have been some updates to the cost.  The principal change is in the
addition of masonry on the front of the buildings, which I estimate will
costs at least $84,000 additional.  Also, the trim material and labor costs
have been increased.  I still believe that the total cost is more than
sufficient, but there will be additional updates.

The manager's unit is columns J-L, but the total is not included in the B&N
total of rentable units.  Rather, the total cost for the manager's unit and
office is included as a lump sum under amenities.  I may add this back in as
a rentable unit and delete is as an amenity.

The financing cost has been changed in that the cost of the permanent
mortgage has been deleted because we will not need to obtain this for the
construction loan approval, therefore, its cost will be absorbed when this
loan is obtained.

Based on either a loan equal to 75% of value or 80% of cost, the
construction profit should cover any equity required beyond the land.

George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC

 - SM134 Proforma2.xls

John,

Does next Thursday at 3pm fit your schedule to go over the rockies 
forecasts?  I will set up a room with Kim.

Here are some suggestions for projects for Colleen:

1.  Review and document systems and processes  -   The handoffs from ERMS, 
TAGG, Unify, Sitara and other systems are not clearly understood by all the 
       parties trying to make improvements.  I think I understand ERMS and 
TAGG but the issues facing 
       scheduling in Unify are grey.

2.  Review and audit complex deals- Under the "assume it is messed up" 
policy, existing deals could use a review and the booking of new deals need 
further      scrutiny.

3.  Review risk books-  Is Enron accurately accounting for physical 
imbalances, transport fuel, park and loan transactions?

4.  Lead trading track program-  Recruit, oversee rotations, design training 
courses, review progress and make cuts.

5.  Fundamentals- Liason between trading and analysts.  Are we looking at 
everything we should?  Putting a person with a trading mentality should add 
   some value and direction to the group.

In fact there is so much work she could do that you probably need a second MD 
to work part time to get it done.

Phillip

The spinning bikes are so much better than the life cycles.  Would you 
consider placing several spinning bikes out with the other exercise equipment 
and running a spinning video on the TV's.  I think the equipment would be 
used much more.  Members could just jump on a bike and follow the video any 
time of day.

Let me know if this is possible.

Phillip Allen
X37041

That would we very helpful.  

Thanks,

Phillip

yes please

	
	

Lucy,

Thanks for clearing up the 2/2 file.  Moving on to 2/9, here are some 
questions:

#1 It looks like he just missed 1/26&2/9 of $110.  I can't tell if he still 
owes $47 on his deposit.

#13 I show she missed rent on 1/26 and still owes $140.

#15 Try and follow up with Tomas about the $95.  Hopefully, he won't have a 
bad reaction.

#20b Missed rent?

#26  Has she paid any deposit or rent?

#27 Missed rent?

	
	

Lucy,

Thanks for clearing up the 2/2 file.  Moving on to 2/9, here are some 
questions:

#1 It looks like he just missed 1/26&2/9 of $110.  I can't tell if he still 
owes $47 on his deposit.

#13 I show she missed rent on 1/26 and still owes $140.

#15 Try and follow up with Tomas about the $95.  Hopefully, he won't have a 
bad reaction.

#20b Missed rent?

#26  Has she paid any deposit or rent?

#27 Missed rent?

Jaques,

After meeting with George and Larry, it was clear that we have different 
definitions of cost and profit.  Their version includes the salary of a 
superintendent and a junior superintendent as hard costs equivalent to third 
party subs and materials.  Then there is a layer of "construction management" 
fees of 10%.  There are some small incidental cost that they listed would be 
paid out of this money.  But I think the majority of it is profit.  Finally 
the builders profit of 1.4 million.

Keith and I were not sure whether we would be open to paying the supers out 
of the cost or having them be paid out of the builders profit.  After all, if 
they are the builders why does there need to be two additional supervisors?  
We were definitely not intending to insert an additional 10% fee in addition 
to the superintendent costs.  George claims that all of these costs have been 
in the cost estimates that we have been using.  I reviewed the estimates and 
the superintendents are listed but I don't think the construction management 
fee is included.

George gave me some contracts that show how these fees are standard.  I will 
review and let you know what I think.

The GP issues don't seem to be a point of contention.  They are agreeable to 
the 3 out 4 approval process.

Let me know if you have opinions or sources that I can use to push for  only 
true costs + 1.4 million.

Phillip

George,

Please send the latest cost estimates when you get a chance this morning.

Phillip

Andy,

 Please assign a user name to Randy Gay.

Thank you,

Phillip

Jeanie,

Lavorato called me into his office to question me about my inquiries into 
part time.  Nice confidentiality.  Since I have already gotten the grief, it 
would be nice to get some useful information.  What did you find out about 
part time, leave of absences, and sabbaticals?  My interest is for 2002.

Phillip

Enclosed is a copy of one of the draws submitted to Bank One for a prior
job.

George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC

 - DRAW2.xls

Here is what you need to bring.

Updated rent roll

Inventory of all personal property including window units.

Copies of all leases ( we can make these available at the office)

A copy of the note and deed of trust

Any service, maintenance and management agreements

Any environmental studies?

I would like to have a copy of the appraisal.  See you Monday at 2.

Phillip

Andrew,

Here is an asset statement.  I will mail my 98 & 99 Tax returns plus a 2000 
W2.  Is this sufficient?

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041 wk
713-463-8626 home

Lee,

Can you provide me with a copy of the original loan and a copy of the 
original appraisal.  

My fax number is 713-646-2391

Mailing address: 8855 Merlin Ct, Houston, TX 77055

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

Jeff,

Here is the application from SPB.  I guess they want to use the same form as 
a new loan application.  I have a call in to Lee O'Donnell to try to find out 
if there is a shorter form.  What do I need to be providing to the buyer 
according to the contract.  I was planning on bringing a copy of the survey 
and a rentroll including deposits on Monday.  Please let me know this morning 
what else I should be putting together.

Phillip

I was told that you were faxed the loan application.  I will send attachment
for a backup.  Also, you will need to provide a current rent roll and 1999 &
2000 operating history (income & expense).

Call me if you need some help.

Thanks

Lee O'Donnell

Lee,

My fax number is 713-646-2391.  Please fax me a loan application that I can
pass on to the buyer.

Phillip Allen
pallen@enron.com
713-853-7041

 - Copy of Loan App.tif
 - Copy of Multifamily forms

Forward Reg Dickson's resume to Ted Bland for consideration for the trading 
track program.  He is overqualified and I'm sure too expensive to fill the 
scheduling position I have available.  I will work with Cournie Parker to 
evaluate the other resumes.

Phillip

Lucy,

Thanks for clearing up the 2/2 file.  Moving on to 2/9, here are some 
questions:

#1 It looks like he just missed 1/26&2/9 of $110.  I can't tell if he still 
owes $47 on his deposit.

#13 I show she missed rent on 1/26 and still owes $140.

#15 Try and follow up with Tomas about the $95.  Hopefully, he won't have a 
bad reaction.

#20b Missed rent?

#26  Has she paid any deposit or rent?

#27 Missed rent?

Lee,

My fax number is 713-646-2391.  Please fax me a loan application that I can 
pass on to the buyer.

Phillip Allen
pallen@enron.com
713-853-7041

Andy,

 I spoke to John L. and he ok'd one of each new electronic system for the 
west desk.  Are there any operational besides ICE and Dynegy?  If not, can 
you have your assistant call me with id's and passwords.

Thank you,

Phillip

Lucy,

Here is the 2/2 rentroll.  The total does not equal the bank deposit.  Your 
earlier response answered the questions for #3,11,15,20a, and 35.

But the deposit was $495 more than the rentroll adds up to.  If the answer to 
this question lies in apartment 1,13, and 14, can you update this file and 
send it back.

Now I am going to work on a rentroll for this Friday.  I will probably send 
you some questions about the 2/9 rentroll.  Let's get this stuff clean today.

Phillip

no.  I am on msn messenger.

Robert Neustaedter@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
02/13/2001 02:51 PM
As discussed in the California conference call this morning, I have prepared 
a bullet-point summary of the CERA Special Report titled Beyond the 
California Power Crisis: Impact, Solutions, and Lessons.If you have any 
questions, my phone number is 713 853-3170.

Robert

Thanks for the website.  

Colleen,

I checked the transport model and found the following extrinsic values on 
January 2nd versus February 11:

   1/2  2/11

Stanfield to Malin 209  81

SJ/Perm. to Socal 896  251

Sj to Socal  2747  768

PGE/Top to Citygate 51  3

PGE/Top to KRS 16  4

SJ to Valero  916  927

If these numbers are correct, then we haven't increased the extrinsic value 
since the beginning of the year.  Can you confirm that I am looking at the 
right numbers?

Phillip

Phillip these are the volumes that AEC is considering selling at Opal over 
the next five years.  The structure they are looking for is a firm physical 
sale at a NYMEX related price.  There is a very good chance that they will do 
this all with one party.  We are definitely being considered as that party.  
Given what we have seen in the marketplace they may be one of the few 
producers willing to sell long dated physical gas for size into Kern River.

What would be your bid for this gas?

	Tyrell Harrison@ECT
	Sent by: Tyrell Harrison@ECT
	02/08/2001 03:12 PM
		 

This should probably be researched further.  If they can really build this 
many plants it could have a huge impact on the Cal border basis.  Obviously 
it is dependent on what capacity is added on Kern, PGT and TW but it is hard 
to envision enough subscriptions to meet this demand.  Even if it is 
subscribed it will take 18 months to 2 years to build new pipe therefore the 
El Paso 1.2 Bcf/d could be even more valuable.

Mark

	Tyrell Harrison@ECT
	Sent by: Tyrell Harrison@ECT
	02/09/2001 09:26 AM
		 
If you wish to run sensitivities to heat rate and daily dispatch,  I have 
attached the spreadsheet below.

Tyrell
303 575 6478

Lucy,

Here is a draft of a memo we should distribute to the units that are subject 
to caps.  I wrote it as if it were from you.  It should come from the manager.

It is very important that we tell new tenants what the utility cap for there 
unit is when they move in.  This needs to be written in on their lease.

When you have to talk to a tenant complaining about the overages emphasize 
that it is only during the peak months and it is already warming up.  

Have my Dad read the memo before you put it out.   You guys can make changes 
if you need to.

Next week we need to take inventory of all air conditioners and 
refrigerators.  We have to get this done next week.  I will email you a form 
to use to record serial numbers.  The prospective buyers want this 
information plus we need it for our records.  Something to look forward to.

It is 2 PM and I have to leave the office.  Please have my Dad call me with 
the information about the units at home 713-463-8626.  He will know what I 
mean.

Talk to you later,

Phillip

I am sending the Dr. a contract for Monday delivery.  He is offering
$739,000 with $73,900 down.

He wants us to finish the work on the units that are being renovated now.
We need to specify those units in the contract.  We also need to specify the
units that have not been remodeled.  I think he will be a good buyer.  He is
a local with plenty of cash.  Call me after you get this message.

Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
2714 Bee Cave Road, Suite 100-D
Austin, Texas? 78746
512-732-0009
512-732-0010 fax
512-751-9728 mobile

STRUCTURE:
Typically the structure is a limited partnership with a corporate (or LLC)
general partner.  The General Partner owns 1% of the project and carries the
liability of construction.

LAND OWNERSHIP & LOANS
The property would be purchased in the name of the limited partnership and
any land loans, land improvements loans and construction loans would be in
the name of the limited partnership.  Each of the individual investors and
all of the principals in Creekside would also personally guarantee the
loans.  If the investor(s) do not sign on the loans, this generally means
that a larger amount of cash is required and the investor's share of profits
is reduced.

All loans for residential construction, that are intended for re-sale, are
full recourse loans.  If we are pursuing multifamily rental developments,
the construction loans are still full recourse but the mortgage can often be
non-recourse.

USE OF INITIAL INVESTMENT
The initial investment is used for land deposit, engineering &
architectural design, soils tests, surveys, filing fees, legal fees for
organization and condominium association formation,  and appraisals.  Unlike
many real estate investment programs, none of the funds are used for fees to
Creekside Builders, LLC.  These professional expenses will be incurred over
the estimated 6 month design and approval period.

EARLY LAND COSTS
The $4,000 per month costs listed in the cash flow as part of land cost
represent the extension fees due to the seller for up to 4 months of
extensions on closing.  As an alternative, we can close into a land loan at
probably 70% of appraised value.  With a land value equal to the purchase
price of $680,000 this would mean a land loan of $476,000 with estimated
monthly interest payments of $3,966, given a 10% annual interest rate, plus
approximately 1.25% of the loan amount for closing costs and loan fees.

EQUITY AT IMPROVEMENT LOAN
Once the site plan is approved by the City of Austin, the City will require
the development entity to post funds for fiscal improvements, referred to as
the "fiscals".  This cost represents a bond for the completion of
improvements that COA considers vital and these funds are released once the
improvements have been completed and accepted by COA.  This release will be
for 90% of the cost with the remaining 10% released one year after
completion.  Releases can be granted once every 90 days and you should
expect that the release would occur 6 months after the start of lot
improvement construction.  These fiscals are usually posted in cash or an
irrevocable letter of credit.  As such, they have to be counted as a
development cost, even though they are not spent.  Because they are not
spent no interest is charged on these funds.

The lot improvement loan is typically 75% of the appraised value of a
finished lot, which I suspect will be at least $20,000 and potentially as
high as $25,000.  This would produce a loan amount of  $15,000 on $20,000
per lot.  With estimated per lot improvement costs of $9,000, 'fiscals' at
$2,000 and the land cost at $8,000 , total improved lot cost is $19,000
which means $0 to $4,000 per lot in total equity.  The investment prior to
obtaining the improvement loan would count towards any equity requirement
provided it was for direct costs.  Thus, the additional equity for the
improvement loan would be $0-$184,000.   Even if the maximum loan would
cover all costs, it is unlikely the bank would allow reimbursement of funds
spent. The higher estimates of equity investments are shown in the
preliminary proforma to be on the safe side.  The engineer is preparing a
tentative site layout with an initial evaluation of the phasing, which can
significantly reduce the cash equity requirement.

Phasing works as follows.  If the first phase was say 40 units, the total
lot improvement cost might average $31,000 per lot.   Of this, probably
$13,000 would be for improvements and $19,000 for the land cost.  The
improvements are higher to cover large one time up front costs for design
costs, the entry road, water treatment costs, perimeter fencing and
landscaping, and so on, as well as for 100% of the land.  The land loan for
undeveloped lots would be 70% of the appraised raw lot value, which I would
estimate as $10,000 per lot for a loan value of $7,000 per lot.  Then the
loan value for each improved lot would be $15,000 per lot.  This would give
you a total loan of $992,000, total cost of $1,232,645 for equity required
of $241,000.  This was not presented in the initial analysis as the phasing
is depended on a more careful assessment by the Civil Engineer as the
separate phases must each be able to stand on its own from a utility
standpoint.

CONSTRUCTION LOANS
There are three types of  construction loans.  First, is a speculative
(spec) loan that is taken out prior to any pre-sales activity.  Second,  is
a construction loan for a pre-sold unit, but the loan remains in the
builder/developers name.  Third, is a pre-sold unit with the construction
loan in the name of the buyer.  We expect to have up to 8 spec loans to
start the project and expect all other loans to be pre-sold units with loans
in the name of the builder/developer.  We do not expect to have any
construction loans in the name of the buyers, as such loans are too
difficult to manage and please new buyers unfamiliar with the process.

Spec loans will be for 70% to 75% of value and construction loans for
pre-sold units, if the construction loan is from the mortgage lender,  will
be from 80% to 95% of value.

DISBURSEMENTS
Disbursements will be handled by the General Partner to cover current and
near term third party costs, then to necessary reserves, then to priority
payments and then to the partners per the agreement.  The General Partner
will contract with Creekside Builders, LLC to construct the units and the
fee to CB will include a construction management and overhead fee equal to
15% of the direct hard cost excluding land, financing and sales costs.
These fees are the only monies to Creekside, Larry Lewter or myself prior to
calculation of profit, except for a) direct reimbursement for partnership
expenses and b) direct payment to CB for any subcontractor costs that it has
to perform.  For example, if CB cannot find a good trim carpenter sub, or
cannot find enough trim carpenters, etc., and it decides to undertake this
function, it will charge the partnership the same fee it was able to obtain
from third parties and will disclose those cases to the partnership.
Finally, CB will receive a fee for the use of any of its equipment if it is
used in lieu of leasing equipment from others.  At present CB does not own
any significant equipment, but it is considering the purchase of a sky track
to facilitate and speed up framing, cornice, roofing and drywall spreading.

REPORTING
We are more than willing to provide reports to track expenses vs. plan.
What did you have in mind?  I would like to use some form of internet based
reporting.

BOOKKEEPING
I am not sure what you are referring to by the question, "Bookkeeping
procedures to record actual expenses?"  Please expand.

INVESTOR INPUT
We are glad to have the investor's input on design and materials.  As always
the question will be who has final say if there is disagreement, but in my
experience I have always been able to reach consensus. As you, and I presume
Keith, want to be involved to learn as much as possible we would make every
effort to be accommodating.

CREEKSIDE PROCEEDURES
CB procedures for dealing with subs, vendors and professionals is not as
formal as your question indicates.  In the EXTREMELY tight labor market
obtaining 3 bids for each labor trade is not feasible.  For the professional
subs we use those with whom we have developed a previous rapport.  Finally,
for vendors they are constantly shopped.

PRE-SELECTED PROFESSIONALS, SUBS AND VENDORS
Yes there are many different subs that have been identified and I can
provide these if you are interested.

I know I have not answered everything, but this is a starting point.  Call
when you have reviewed and we can discuss further.

Sincerely,

George Richards
President, Creekside Builders, LLC

 - winmail.dat

Lucy,

Here is the rentroll for this Friday.  Sorry it is so late.

There are a few problems with the rentroll from 2/2.

1.  I know you mentioned the deposit would be 5360.65 which is what the bank 
is showing, but the rentroll only adds up to 4865.   The missing money on the 
spreadsheet is probably the answer to my other questions below.

2.  #1 Did he pay the rent he missed on 1/26?

3.  #3 Did he miss rent on 1/26 and 2/2?

4.  #11 Missed on 2/2?

5.  #13 Missed on 1/26?

6.  #14  missed on 2/2?

7.  #15 missed on 2/2 and has not paid the 95 from 1/19?

8.  #20a missed on 2/2?

9.  #35 missed on 2/2?

My guess is some of these were paid but not recorded on the 2/2 rentroll.  
You may have sent me a message over the "chat" line that I don't remember on 
some of these.  I just want to get the final rentroll to tie exactly to the 
bank deposit.

Will have some time today to work on a utility letter.  Tried to call Wade 
last night at 5:30 but couldn't reach him.  Will try again today.

I believe that a doctor from Seguin is going to make an offer.  Did you meet 
them?  If so, what did you think?

Phillip

I will email you an updated operating statement with Nov and Dec tomorrow 
morning.  What did the seguin doctor think of the place.  

How much could I get the stagecoach appraised for?  Do you still do 
appraisals?  Could it be valued on an 11 or 12 cap?

Jacques,

Can you draft the partnership agreement and the construction contract?  

The key business points are:

1.  Investment is a loan with prime + 1% rate

2.  Construction contract is cost plus $1.4 Million

3.  The investors' loan is repaid before any construction profit is paid.

4.  All parties are GP's but 3 out 4 votes needed for major decisions?

5.  60/40 split favoring the investors.

With regard to the construction contract, we are concerned about getting a 
solid line by line cost estimate and clearly defining what constitutes 
costs.  Then we need a mechanism to track the actual expenses.  Keith and I 
would like to oversee the bookkeeping.  The builders would be requred to fax 
all invoices within 48 hours.  We also would want online access to the 
checking account of the partnership so we could see if checks were clearing 
but invoices were not being submitted.

Let me know if you can draft these agreements.  The GP issue may need some 
tweaking.  

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041
pallen@enron.com

Susan J Mara@ENRON
02/06/2001 04:12 PM
Here is a link to the governor's press release.  He is billing it as 5,000 MW 
of contracts, but then he says that there is only 500 available immediately.  
WIth the remainder available from 3 to 10 years.

http://www.governor.ca.gov/state/govsite/gov_htmldisplay.jsp?BV_SessionID=@@@@
1673762879.0981503886@@@@&BV_EngineID=falkdgkgfmhbemfcfkmchcng.0&sCatTitle=Pre
ss+Release&sFilePath=/govsite/press_release/2001_02/20010206_PR01049_longtermc
ontracts.html&sTitle=GOVERNOR+DAVIS+ANNOUNCES+LONG+TERM+POWER+SUPPLY&iOID=1325
0

Below are some articles relating to aluminum, power and gas prices.  Thought 
it would be of interest.
Frank

---
Rohan Ziegelaar
30/01/2001 13:45

Send it to Ina Rangel she can forward it to appropriate traders.  There are 
too many to list individually

Jeff,

My target is to get $225 back out of the stage.  Therefore, I could take a 
sales price of $740K and carry a second note of $210K.  This would still only 
require $75K cash from the buyer.  After broker fees and a title policy, I 
would net around $20K cash.  

You can go ahead and negotiate with the buyer and strike the deal at $740 or 
higher with the terms described in the 1st email.  Do you want to give the 
New Braunfels buyer a quick look at the deal.

Phillip

Jeff,

I am not willing to guarantee to refinance the 1st lien on the stage in 4 
years and drop the rate on both notes at that point to 8%.  There are several 
reasons that I won't commit to this.  Exposure to interest fluctuations, the 
large cash reserves needed, and the limited financial resources of the buyer 
are the three biggest concerns.  

What I am willing to do is lower the second note to 8% amortized over the 
buyers choice of terms up to 30 years.  The existing note does not come due 
until September 2009.  That is a long time.  The buyer may have sold the 
property.  Interest rates may be lower.  I am bending over backwards to make 
the deal work with such an attractive second note.  Guaranteeing to refinance 
is pushing too far.

Can you clarify the dates in the contract.  Is the effective date the day the 
earnest money is receipted or is it once the feasibility study is complete?

Hopefully the buyer can live with these terms.  I got your fax from the New 
Braunfels buyer.  If we can't come to terms with the first buyer I will get 
started on the list.

Email or call  me later today.

Phillip

Susan,

Raised your issue to Sally Beck.  Larry is going to spend time with you to 
see if he can live without any reports.  Also some IT help should be on the 
way.

Phillip

Jeffrey C Gossett
02/02/2001 09:48 PM
When we meet,  I would like to address the following issues:

1.)  I had at least 5 people here past midnight on both nights and I have 
several people who have not left before 10:30 this week. 
2.)  It is my understanding that Susan was still booking new day deals on 
Thursday night at 8:30 b/c she did not get deal tickets from the trading 
floor until after 5:00 p.m.
3.)  It is also my understanding that Susan is done with the p&l and 
benchmark part of her book often times by 6:00,  but that what keeps her here 
late is usually running numerous extra models and spreadsheets.  (One 
suggestion might be a permanent IT person on this book.)  (This was also my 
understanding from Kyle Etter,  who has left the company.)

I would like to get this resolved as soon as possible so that Larry can get 
the information that he needs to be effective and so that we can run books 
like this and not lose good people.

Thanks

Larry May@ENRON
02/02/2001 02:43 PM
As you might be aware,  Susan Scott (the book admin for the pipe option book) 
was forced by system problems to stay all night Wednesday night and until 200 
am Friday  in order to calc my book.  While she is scheduled to rotate to the 
West desk soon,  I think we need to discuss putting two persons on my book in 
order to bring the work load to a sustainable level.  I'd like to meet at 
2:30 pm on Monday to discuss this issue.  Please let me know if this time 
fits in your schedules.

Thanks,

Larry

Bob,

 Regarding Patti Sullivan's contributions to the west desk this year, her 
efforts deserve recognition and a PBR award.  Patti stepped up to fill the 
gap left by Randy Gay's personal leave.  Patti held together the scheduling 
group for about 2 month's by working 7days a week during this time.  Patti 
was always the first one in the office during this time.  Frequently, she 
would be at work before 4 AM to prepare the daily operation package.  All the 
traders came to depend on the information Patti provided.   This information 
has been extremely critical this year due to the pipeline explosion and size 
of the west desk positions.  
 Please call to discuss cash award.

Phillip

	
	

Lucy,

Please fix #41 balance by deleting the $550 in the "Rent Due" column.  The 
other questions I had about last week's rent are:

#15  Only paid 95 of their 190 on 1/19 then paid nothing on 1/26.  What is 
going on?

#25  Looks like she was short by 35 and still owes a little on deposit

#27 Switched to weekly, but paid nothing this week.  Why?

I spoke to Jeff Smith.  I think he was surprised that we were set up with 
email and MSN Messenger.  He was not trying to insult you.  I let Jeff know 
that he should try and meet the prospective buyers when they come to see the 
property.  Occasionally, a buyer might stop buy without Jeff and you can show 
them around and let them know what a nice quiet well maintained place it is.  

Regarding the raise,  $260/week plus the apartment is all I can pay right 
now.  I increased your pay last year very quickly so you could make ends meet 
but I think your wages equate to $10/hr and that is fair.  As Gary and Wade 
continue to improve the property, I need you to try and improve the 
property's tenants and reputation.  The apartments are looking better and 
better, yet the turnover seems to be increasing.  

Remember that as a manager you need to set the example for the tenants.  It 
is hard to tell tenants that they are not supposed to have extra people move 
in that are not on the lease, when the manager has a houseful of guests.  I 
realize you have had a lot of issues with taking your son to the doctor and 
your daughter being a teenager, but you need to put in 40 hours and be 
working in the office or on the property during office unless you are running 
an errand for the property.

I am not upset that you asked for a raise, but the answer is no at this 
time.  We can look at again later in the year.

I will talk to you later or you can email or call over the weekend.

Phillip

Lucy,

Please fix #41 balance by deleting the $550 in the "Rent Due" column.  The 
other questions I had about last week's rent are:

#15  Only paid 95 of their 190 on 1/19 then paid nothing on 1/26.  What is 
going on?

#25  Looks like she was short by 35 and still owes a little on deposit

#27 Switched to weekly, but paid nothing this week.  Why?

I spoke to Jeff Smith.  I think he was surprised that we were set up with 
email and MSN Messenger.  He was not trying to insult you.  I let Jeff know 
that he should try and meet the prospective buyers when they come to see the 
property.  Occasionally, a buyer might stop buy without Jeff and you can show 
them around and let them know what a nice quiet well maintained place it is.  

Regarding the raise,  $260/week plus the apartment is all I can pay right 
now.  I increased your pay last year very quickly so you could make ends meet 
but I think your wages equate to $10/hr and that is fair.  As Gary and Wade 
continue to improve the property, I need you to try and improve the 
property's tenants and reputation.  The apartments are looking better and 
better, yet the turnover seems to be increasing.  

Remember that as a manager you need to set the example for the tenants.  It 
is hard to tell tenants that they are not supposed to have extra people move 
in that are not on the lease, when the manager has a houseful of guests.  I 
realize you have had a lot of issues with taking your son to the doctor and 
your daughter being a teenager, but you need to put in 40 hours and be 
working in the office or on the property during office unless you are running 
an errand for the property.

I am not upset that you asked for a raise, but the answer is no at this 
time.  We can look at again later in the year.

I will talk to you later or you can email or call over the weekend.

Phillip

	
	

I would like to go to this meeting.  Can you arrange it?

Larry May@ENRON
02/02/2001 12:43 PM
As you might be aware,  Susan Scott (the book admin for the pipe option book) 
was forced by system problems to stay all night Wednesday night and until 200 
am Friday  in order to calc my book.  While she is scheduled to rotate to the 
West desk soon,  I think we need to discuss putting two persons on my book in 
order to bring the work load to a sustainable level.  I'd like to meet at 
2:30 pm on Monday to discuss this issue.  Please let me know if this time 
fits in your schedules.

Thanks,

Larry

Susan hours are out of hand.  We need to find a solution.  Let's meet on 
Monday to assess the issue

Phillip

Got your email.  I will let Jacques know.  I guess we can work out the finer 
points next week.  The bank here in Houston is dealing with their auditors 
this week, so unfortunately I did not hear from them this week.  The are 
promising to have some feedback by Monday.  I will let you know as soon as I 
hear from them.

Phillip

George,

The probability of building a house this year is increasing.  I have shifted 
to a slightly different plan.  There were too many design items that I could 
not work out in the plan we discussed previously.  Now, I am leaning more 
towards a plan with two wings and a covered courtyard in the center.  One 
wing would have a living/dining kitchen plus master bedroom downstairs with 3 
kid bedrooms + a laundry room upstairs.  The other wing would have a garage + 
guestroom downstairs with a game room + office/exercise room upstairs.  This 
plan still has the same number of rooms as the other plan but with the 
courtyard and pool in the center this plan should promote more outdoor 
living.  I am planning to orient the house so that the garage faces the west. 
 The center courtyard would be covered with a metal roof with some fiberglass 
skylights supported by metal posts.  I am envisioning the two wings to have 
single slope roofs that are not connected to the center building.  

I don't know if you can imagine the house I am trying to describe.  I would 
like to come and visit you again this month.  If it would work for you, I 
would like to drive up on Sunday afternoon on Feb. 18 around 2 or 3 pm.  I 
would like to see the progress on the house we looked at and tour the one we 
didn't have time for.  I can bring more detailed drawings of my new plan. 

Call or email to let me know if this would work for you.  
pallen70@hotmail.com or 713-463-8626(home), 713-853-7041(work)

Phillip Allen

PS.  Channel 2 in Houston ran a story yesterday (Feb. 2) about a home in 
Kingwood that had a poisonous strain of mold growing in the walls.  You 
should try their website or call the station to get the full story.  It would 
makes a good case for breathable walls.

8500?????  That's twice as valuable as your car!  Can't you get a used one 
for $3000?

Nice.  how much?

Are you trying to keep the economy going?

Testing.  Sell low and buy high
	
	

testing

Richard,

 Are you available at 5:30 ET today?

Phillip

Jeff,

Before you write off the stage, a few things to think about.

1.  Operating expenses include $22,000 of materials for maintenance and 
repairs.  Plus having a full time onsite maintenance man means no extra labor 
cost for repairs.  There are only 44 units a lot of his time is spent on 
repairs.

2.  What is an outside management firm going to do?  A full time onsite 
manager is all that is required.  As I mentioned the prior manager has 
interest in returning.  Another alternative would be to hire a male manager 
that could do more make readies and lawn care.  If you turn it over to a 
management company you could surely reduce the cost of a full time manager 
onsite.

3.  Considering #1 & #2 $115,000 NOI is not necessarily overstated.  If you 
want to be ultra conservative use $100,000 at the lowest.

4.  Getting cash out is not a priority to me.  So I am willing to structure 
this deal with minimum cash.  A 10% note actually attractive. See below.

My job just doesn't give me the time to manage this property.  This property 
definitely requires some time but it has the return to justify the effort.

Sales Price  705,000

1st Lien   473,500

2nd Lien  225,000

Transfer fee    7,500

Cash required   14,500

NOI   100,000

1st Lien    47,292

2nd Lien   23,694

Cash flow  29,014

Cash on cash  200%

These numbers are using the conservative NOI, if it comes in at $115K then 
cash on cash return would be more like 300%.   This doesn't reflect the 
additional profit opportunity of selling the property in the next few years 
for a higher price.

Do you want to reconsider?  Let me know.

Phillip

Susan J Mara@ENRON
01/30/2001 10:10 AM

=09"Daniel Douglass" <Douglass@ArterHadden.com>
=0901/30/2001 08:31 AM
=09=09=20
The following are the highlights from the Executive Summary of the KPMG aud=
it=20
report on Southern California Edison:
=20
I. Cash Needs
Highlights:
SCE=01,s original cash forecast, dated as December 28, 2000, projects a com=
plete=20
cash depletion date of February 1, 2001. Since then SCE has instituted a=20
program of cash conservation that includes suspension of certain obligation=
s=20
and other measures.=20
Based on daily cash forecasts and cash conservation activities, SCE=01,s=20
available cash improved through January 19 from an original estimate of $51=
.8=20
million to $1.226 billion. The actual cash flow, given these cash=20
conservation activities, extends the cash depletion date.
II. Credit Relationships
Highlights:
SCE has exercised all available lines of credit and has not been able to=20
extend or renew credit as it has become due.
At present, there are no additional sources of credit open to SCE.
SCE=01,s loan agreements provide for specific clauses with respect to defau=
lt.=20
Generally, these agreements provide for the debt becoming immediately due a=
nd=20
payable.
SCE=01,s utility plant assets are used to secure outstanding mortgage bond=
=20
indebtedness, although there is some statutory capacity to issue more=20
indebtedness if it were feasible to do so.
Credit ratings agencies have downgraded SCE=01,s credit ratings on most of =
its=20
rated indebtedness from solid corporate ratings to below investment grade=
=20
issues within the last three weeks.
III. Energy Cost Scenarios
Highlights
This report section uses different CPUC supplied assumptions to assess=20
various price scenarios upon SCE=01,s projected cash depletion dates. Under=
 such=20
scenarios, SCE would have a positive cash balance until March 30, 2001.
IV. Cost Containment Initiatives
Highlights
SCE has adopted a $460 million Cost Reduction Plan for the year 2001.
The Plan consists of an operation and maintenance component and a capital=
=20
improvement component as follows (in millions):
Operating and maintenance costs     $ 77
Capital Improvement Costs                383
Total                                             $ 460
The Plan provides for up to 2,000 full, part-time and contract positions to=
=20
be eliminated with approximately 75% of the total staff reduction coming fr=
om=20
contract employees.
Under the Plan, Capital Improvement Costs totaling $383 million are for the=
=20
most part being deferred to a future date.
SCE dividends to its common shareholder and preferred stockholders and=20
executive bonuses have been suspended, resulting in an additional cost=20
savings of approximately $92 million.
V. Accounting Mechanisms to Track Stranded Cost Recovery (TRA and TCBA=20
Activity)
Highlights:
As of December 31, 2000, SCE reported an overcollected balance in the=20
Transition Cost Balancing Account (TCBA) Account of $494.5 million. This=20
includes an estimated market valuation of its hydro facilities of $500=20
million and accelerated revenues of $175 million.
As of December 31, 2000, SCE reported an undercollected balance in SCE=01,s=
=20
Transition Account (TRA) of $4.49 billion.
Normally, the generation memorandum accounts are credited to the TCBA at th=
e=20
end of each year. However, the current generation memorandum account credit=
=20
balance of $1.5 billion has not been credited to the TCBA, pursuant to=20
D.01-01-018.
Costs of purchasing generation are tracked in the TRA and revenues from=20
generation are tracked in the TCBA. Because these costs and revenues are=20
tracked separately, the net liability from procuring electric power, as=20
expressed in the TRA, are overstated.
TURN Proposal
As part of our review, the CPUC asked that we comment on the proposal of TU=
RN=20
to change certain aspects of the regulatory accounting for transition asset=
s.=20
Our comments are summarized as follows:
The Proposal would have no direct impact on the cash flows of SCE in that i=
t=20
would not directly generate nor use cash.
The Proposal=01,s impact on SCE=01,s balance sheet would initially be to sh=
ift=20
costs between two regulatory assets.
TURN=01,s proposal recognizes that because the costs of procuring power and=
 the=20
revenues from generating power are tracked separately, the undercollection =
in=20
the TRA is overstated.
VI. Flow of Funds Analysis
Highlights:
In the last five years, SCE had generated net income of $2.7 billion and a=
=20
positive cash flow from operations of $7 billion.
During the same time period, SCE paid dividends and other distributions to=
=20
its parent, Edison International, of approximately $4.8 billion.
Edison International used the funds from dividends to pay dividends to its=
=20
shareholders of $1.6 billion and repurchased shares of its outstanding comm=
on=20
stock of $2.7 billion, with the remaining funds being used for administrati=
ve=20
and general costs, investments, and other corporate purposes.
[there is no Section VII]
=20
VIII. Earnings of California Affiliates
SCE=01,s payments for power to its affiliates were approximately $400-$500=
=20
million annually and remained relatively stable from 1996 through 1999.=20
In 2000, the payments increased by approximately 50% to over $600 million.=
=20
This increase correlates to the increase in market prices
for natural gas for the same period.
A copy of the report is available on the Commission website at=20
www.cpuc.ca.gov.
=20
Dan

Lucy,

What is the latest?  Write me a note about what is going on and what issues 
you need my help to deal with when you send the rentroll.

Phillip

Susan J Mara@ENRON
01/30/2001 09:14 AM
Here's the link for the audit report
	andy brown <andybrwn@earthlink.net>
	01/29/2001 07:27 PM
	Please respond to abb; Please respond to andybrwn
		 
This email came in to parties to the CPUC proceeding.  The materials should 
be available on the CPUC website, www.cpuc.ca.gov.  The full reports will be 
available.  ABB

Parties, this e-mail note is to inform you that the KPMG audit report will be 
posted on the web as of 7:00 p.m on January 29, 2001.  You will see
the following documents on the web:

1. President Lynch's statement
2. KPMG audit report of Edison
3. Ruling re: confidentiality

Here is the link to the web site:
http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/010129_audit_index.htm

--
Andrew Brown
Sacramento, CA
andybrwn@earthlink.net

George,

Keith and I are reviewing your proposal.  We will send you a response by this 
evening.

Phillip

Phillip here is the information you requested.

Shares  Vest date Grant Price
4584  12-31-01 18.375
3200
 1600 12-31-01 20.0625
 1600 12-31-02 20.0625
9368
 3124 12-31-01 31.4688
 3124 12-31-02 31.4688
 3120 12-31-03 31.4688
5130
 2565 1-18-02  55.50
 2565 1-18-03  55.50
7143
 2381 8-1-01  76.00
 2381 8-1-02  76.00
 2381 8-1-03  76.00
24
 12 1-18-02  55.50
 12 1-18-03  55.50

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

Jeff,

That is good news about Leander.  

Now for the stage.  I would like to get it sold by the end of March.   I have 
about $225K invested in the stagecoach, 
 it looks like I need to get around $745K to breakeven.  

I don't need the cash out right now so if I could get a personal guarantee 
and Jaques Craig can 
work out the partnership transfer, I would definitely be willing to carry a 
second lien.  I understand second liens are going for 10%-12%.
Checkout this spreadsheet.

These numbers should get the place sold in the next fifteen minutes.   
However,  I am very concerned about the way it is being shown.  Having Lucy 
show it is not a good idea.  I need you to meet the buyers and take some 
trips over to get more familar with the property.  My dad doesn't have the 
time and I don't trust 
Lucy or Wade to show it correctly.  I would prefer for you to show it from 
now on.  

I will have the operating statements complete through December by this 
Friday. 

Phillip

George,

Here is a spreadsheet that illustrates the payout of investment and builders 
profit.  Check my math, but it looks like all the builders profit would be 
recouped in the first year of operation.  At permanent financing $1.1 would 
be paid, leaving only .3 to pay out in the 1st year.

Since almost 80% of builders profit is repaid at the same time as the 
investment, I feel the 65/35 is a fair split.  However, as I mentioned 
earlier, I think we should negotiate to layer on additional equity to you as 
part of the construction contract.  

Just to begin the brainstorming on what a construction agreement might look 
like here are a few ideas:

 1.  Fixed construction profit of $1.4 million.  Builder doesn't benefit from 
higher cost, rather suffers as an equity holder.

 2.  +5% equity for meeting time and costs in original plan ($51/sq ft, phase 
1 complete in November)
      +5% equity for under budget and ahead of schedule
      -5% equity for over budget and behind schedule

This way if things go according to plan the final split would be 60/40, but 
could be as favorable as 55/45.  I realize that what is budget and schedule 
must be discussed and agreed upon.

Feel free to call me at home (713)463-8626

Phillip
 
 

George,

We should hear from the bank in Houston on Monday.

The best numbers and times to reach me:

work 713-853-7041
fax 713-464-2391
cell 713-410-4679
home 713-463-8626
pallen70@hotmail.com (home)
pallen@enron.com (work)

I am usually at work M-F 7am-5:30pm.  Otherwise try me at home then on my 
cell.

Keiths numbers are:

work 713-853-7069
fax 713-464-2391
cell 713-502-9402
home 713-667-5889
kholst@enron.com

Phillip

Dexter,

You should receive a guest id shortly.

Phillip

Lucy,

Here is a final 12/01 rentroll for you to save.  My only questions are:

1.  Neil Moreno in #21-he paid $120 on 11/24, but did not pay anything on 
12/01.  Even if he wants to swich to bi-weekly, he needs to pay at the 
beginning 
     of the two week period.  What is going on?

2.  Gilbert in #27-is he just late? 

Here is a file for 12/08.

Jed,

 I understand you have been contacted regarding a telephone interview to 
discuss trading opportunities at  Enron.  I am sending you this message to 
schedule the interview.  Please call or email me with a time that would be 
convenient for you.  I look forward to speaking with you.

Phillip Allen
West Gas Trading
pallen@enron.com
713-853-7041

Griff,
  
Can you accomodate Dexter as we have in the past.  This has been very helpful 
in establishing a fair index at Socal Border.

Phillip

Please cc me on the email with a guest password.  The sooner the better as 
bidweek is underway.

Dexter Steis <dexter@intelligencepress.com> on 01/26/2001 07:28:29 AM
Phillip,

I was wondering if I could trouble you again for another guest id for eol.
In previous months, it has helped us here at NGI when we go to set indexes.

I appreciate your help on this.

Dexter

	
	

Phillip:

It looks like a deal with the non gas fired QFs is iminent.  One for the gas 
generators is still quite a ways off.  

The non gas fired QFs will be getting a fixed price for 5 years and reverting 
back to their contracts thereafter.  They also will give back 

I would expect that the gas deal using an implied gas price times a heat rate 
would be very very difficult to close.  Don't expect hedgers to come any time 
soon.

I will keep you abreast of developments.

C
Susan J Mara@ENRON
01/25/2001 06:02 PM
This from a conference call with IEP tonight at 5 pm:

RE;  Non-Gas-fired QFs -- The last e-mail I sent includes the latest version 
of the IEP proposal.  Negotiations with SCE on this proposal are essentially 
complete.  PG&E is OK with the docs.  All QFs but Calpine have agreed with 
the IEP proposal -- Under the proposal, PG&E would "retain" $106 million (of 
what, I'm not sure -- I think they mean a refund to PG&E from QFs who 
switched to PX pricing). The money would come from changing the basis for the 
QF payments from the PX price to the SRAC price, starting back in December 
(and maybe earlier).

PG&E will not commit to a payment schedule and will not commit to take the 
Force Majeure notices off the table. QFs are asking IEP to attempt to get 
some assurances of payment. 

SCE has defaulted with its QFs; PG&E has not yet -- but big payments are due 
on 2/2/01.

For gas-fired QFs -- Heat rate of 10.2 included in formula for PG&E's 
purchases from such QFs. Two people are negotiating the these agreements 
(Elcantar and Bloom), but they are going very slowly. Not clear this can be 
resolved. Batten and Keeley are refereeing this.  No discussions on this 
occurred today.

Status of legislation -- Keeley left town for the night, so not much will 
happen on the QFs.Assembly and Senate realize they have to work together.  
Plan to meld together AB 1 with Hertzberg's new bill .  Hydro as security is 
dead. Republicans were very much opposed to it.

Patti,

This sounds like an opportunity to land a couple of analyst to fill the gaps 
in scheduling.  Remember their rotations last for one year.  Do you want to 
be an interviewer?

Phillip
	
	

	

All,

The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that 
need to be addressed immediately.  While we anticipate many new Analysts 
joining Enron this summer (late May) and fulltime (August) we felt it 
necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off-Cycle Recruiting 
event.  We are planning this event for Thursday, February 15 and are inviting 
approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed.  I am asking that you forward 
this note to any potential interviewers (Managers or above).  We will conduct 
first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the 
afternoon.  We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning 
(9am-12pm) or afternoon (2pm-5pm) complete session.  Please submit your 
response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date.  In 
addition, we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking 
one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer.   Thanks in 
advance for your cooperation.

  

Thank you,
Jana

Nick,

There is a specific program that we are using to recruit, train, and mentor 
new traders on the gas and power desks.    The trading track program is being 
coordinated by Ted Bland.  I have forwarded him your resume.  Give him a call 
and he will fill you in on the details of the program.

Phillip

Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON

Lucy,

#32 and #29 are fine.  

#28 paid weekly on 1/5.  Then he switched to biweekly.  He should have paid 
260 on 1/12.  Two weeks rent in advance.  Instead he paid 260 on 1/19.  He 
either needs to get back on schedule or let him know he is paying in the 
middle of his two weeks.  He is only paid one week in advance.  This is not a 
big deal, but you should be clear with tenants that rent is due in advance.

Here is an updated rentroll.  Please use this one instead of the one I sent 
you this morning.

Finally, can you fax me the application and lease from #9.

Phillip

Everything is short and sweet except the caption!  One comment.  The very 
last sentence reads :  PG&E can continue to physically divert gas if 
necessary . . . "  SInce they haven't actually begun to divert yet, let's 
change that sentence to read "PG&E has the continuing right to physically 
divert gas if necessary..."  

I will send this around for comment.  Thanks for your promptness.

Any comments, anyone?

	MBD <MDay@GMSSR.com>
	01/24/2001 03:47 PM
		 
Leslie:

Here is the draft.  Short and sweet.  Let me know what you think.  We will
be ready to file on Friday.  Mike Day

 <<X20292.DOC>>

 - X20292.DOC

Lucy,

Here is a rentroll for this week.  I still have questions on #28,#29, and #32.

Larry,

I met with a banker that is interested in financing the project.  They need 
the following:

Financial statements plus last two years tax returns.
Builders resume listing similar projects

The banker indicated he could pull together a proposal by Friday.  If we are 
interested in his loan, he would want to  come see the site.
If you want to overnight me the documents, I will pass them along.   You can 
send them to my home or office (1400 Smith, EB3210B, Houston, TX 77002).

The broker is Jim Murnan.  His number is 713-781-5810, if you want to call 
him and send the documents to him directly.

It sounds like the attorneys are drafting the framework of the partnership 
agreement.  I would like to nail down the outstanding business points as soon 
as possible.  

Please email or call with  an update.

Phillip 

Draft response to PGE -- do you have any comments?

Travis McCullough
	William S Bradford
	01/22/2001 01:44 PM
		
Works for me.  Have you run it by Phillip Allen?

Please call me with any comments or questions.

Travis McCullough

Lucy,

       Here are the actual utility bills versus the cap.  Did we collect 
these overages?  Let's discuss further?  Remember these bills were paid in 
July and August.  The usage dates are much earlier.  I have the bills but I 
can get them to you if need be.

Philip

By STEVE EVERLY - The Kansas City Star
Date: 01/20/01 22:15

As natural gas prices rose in December, traders at the New York Mercantile 
Exchange kept one eye on the weather forecast and another on a weekly gas 
storage number. 

The storage figures showed utilities withdrawing huge amounts of gas, and the 
forecast was for frigid weather. Traders put the two together, anticipated a 
supply crunch and drove gas prices to record heights. 

"Traders do that all the time; they're looking forward," said William Burson, 
a trader. "It makes the market for natural gas." 

But the market's response perplexed Chris McGill, the American Gas 
Association's director of gas supply and transportation. He had compiled the 
storage numbers since they were first published in 1994, and in his view the 
numbers were being misinterpreted to show a situation far bleaker than 
reality. 

"It's a little frustrating that they don't take the time to understand what 
we are reporting," McGill said. 

As consumer outrage builds over high heating bills, the hunt for reasons -- 
and culprits -- is on. Some within the natural gas industry are pointing 
fingers at Wall Street. 

Stephen Adik, senior vice president of the Indiana utility NiSource, recently 
stepped before an industry conference and blamed the market's speculators for 
the rise in gas prices. 

"It's my firm belief ... that today's gas prices are being manipulated," Adik 
told the trade magazine Public Utilities Fortnightly. 

In California, where natural gas spikes have contributed to an electric 
utility crisis, six investigations are looking into the power industry. 

Closer to home, observers note that utilities and regulators share the blame 
for this winter's startling gas bills, having failed to protect their 
customers and constituents from such price spikes. 

Most utilities, often with the acquiescence of regulators, failed to take 
precautions such as fixed-rate contracts and hedging -- a sort of price 
insurance -- that could have protected their customers by locking in gas 
prices before they soared. 

"We're passing on our gas costs, which we have no control over," said Paul 
Snider, a spokesman for Missouri Gas Energy. 

But critics say the utilities shirked their responsibility to customers. 

"There's been a failure of risk management by utilities, and that needs to 
change," said Ed Krapels, director of gas power services for Energy Security 
Analysis Inc., an energy consulting firm in Wakefield, Mass. 

Hot topic 

Consumers know one thing for certain: Their heating bills are up sharply. In 
many circles, little else is discussed. 

The Rev. Vincent Fraser of Glad Tidings Assembly of God in Kansas City is 
facing a $1,456 December bill for heating the church -- more than double the 
previous December's bill. Church members are suffering from higher bills as 
well. 

The Sunday collection is down, said Fraser, who might have to forgo part of 
his salary. For the first time, the church is unable to meet its financial 
pledge to overseas missionaries because the money is going to heating. 

"It's the talk of the town here," he said. 

A year ago that wasn't a fear. Wholesale gas prices hovered just above $2 per 
thousand cubic feet -- a level that producers say didn't make it worthwhile 
to drill for gas. Utilities were even cutting the gas prices paid by 
customers. 

But trouble was brewing. By spring, gas prices were hitting $4 per thousand 
cubic feet, just as utilities were beginning to buy gas to put into storage 
for winter. 

There was a dip in the fall, but then prices rebounded. By early November, 
prices were at $5 per thousand cubic feet. The federal Energy Information 
Administration was predicting sufficient but tight gas supplies and heating 
bills that would be 30 percent to 40 percent higher. 

But $10 gas was coming. Below-normal temperatures hit much of the country, 
including the Kansas City area, and fears about tight supplies roiled the gas 
markets. 

"It's all about the weather," said Krapels of Energy Security Analysis. 

Wholesale prices exploded to $10 per thousand cubic feet, led by the New York 
traders. Natural gas sealed its reputation as the most price-volatile 
commodity in the world. 

Setting the price 

In the 1980s, the federal government took the caps off the wellhead price of 
gas, allowing it to float. In 1990, the New York Mercantile began trading 
contracts for future delivery of natural gas, and that market soon had 
widespread influence over gas prices. 

The futures contracts are bought and sold for delivery of natural gas as soon 
as next month or as far ahead as three years. Suppliers can lock in sale 
prices for the gas they expect to produce. And big gas consumers, from 
utilities to companies such as Farmland Industries Inc., can lock in what 
they pay for the gas they expect to use. 

There are also speculators who trade the futures contracts with no intention 
of actually buying or selling the gas -- and often with little real knowledge 
of natural gas. 

But if they get on the right side of a price trend, traders don't need to 
know much about gas -- or whatever commodity they're trading. Like all 
futures, the gas contracts are purchased on credit. That leverage adds to 
their volatility and to the traders' ability to make or lose a lot of money 
in a short time. 

As December began, the price of natural gas on the futures market was less 
than $7 per thousand cubic feet. By the end of the month it was nearly $10. 
Much of the spark for the rally came from the American Gas Association's 
weekly storage numbers. 

Utilities buy ahead and store as much as 50 percent of the gas they expect to 
need in the winter. 

Going into the winter, the storage levels were about 5 percent less than 
average, in part because some utilities were holding off on purchasing, in 
hopes that the summer's unusually high $4 to $5 prices would drop. 

Still, the American Gas Association offered assurances that supplies would be 
sufficient. But when below-normal temperatures arrived in November, the 
concerns increased among traders that supplies could be insufficient. 

Then the American Gas Association reported the lowest year-end storage 
numbers since they were first published in 1994. Still, said the 
association's McGill, there was sufficient gas in storage. 

But some utility executives didn't share that view. William Eliason, vice 
president of Kansas Gas Service, said that if December's cold snap had 
continued into January, there could have been a real problem meeting demand. 

"I was getting worried," he said. 

Then suddenly the market turned when January's weather turned warmer. 
Wednesday's storage numbers were better than expected, and futures prices 
dropped more than $1 per thousand cubic feet. 

Just passing through 

Some utilities said there was little else to do about the price increase but 
pass their fuel costs on to customers. 

Among area utilities, Kansas Gas Service increased its customers' cost-of-gas 
charge earlier this month to $8.68 per thousand cubic feet. And Missouri Gas 
Energy has requested an increase to $9.81, to begin Wednesday. 

Sheila Lumpe, chairwoman of the Missouri Public Service Commission, said last 
month that because utilities passed along their wholesale costs, little could 
be done besides urging consumers to join a level-payment plan and to conserve 
energy. 

Kansas Gas Service had a small hedging program in place, which is expected to 
save an average customer about $25 this winter. 

Missouri Gas Energy has no hedging program. It waited until fall to seek an 
extension of the program and then decided to pass when regulators would not 
guarantee that it could recover its hedging costs. 

Now utilities are being asked to justify the decisions that have left 
customers with such high gas bills. And regulators are being asked whether 
they should abandon the practice of letting utilities pass along their fuel 
costs. 

On Friday, Doug Micheel, senior counsel of the Missouri Office of the Public 
Counsel, said his office would ask the Missouri Public Service Commission to 
perform an emergency audit of Missouri Gas Energy's gas purchasing practices. 

"Consumers are taking all the risk," Micheel said. "It's time to consider 
some changes." 

To reach Steve Everly, call (816) 234-4455 or send e-mail to 
severly@kcstar.com. 

message board

need help.  

Jeff,

Here is a recent rentroll.  I understand another looker went to the 
property.  I want to hear the feedback no matter how discouraging. I am in 
Portland for the rest of the week.  You can reach me on my cell phone 
713-410-4679.  My understanding was that you would be overnighting some 
closing statements for Leander on Friday.  Please send them to my house (8855 
Merlin Ct, Houston, TX 77055).

Call me if necessary.

Phillip

_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com

 - rentroll_investors_0112.xls

Larry,

The wire should go out today.  I am in Portland but can be reached by cell 
phone 713-410-4679.  Call me if there are any issues.  I will place a call to 
my attorney to check on the loan agreement.

Phillip

Lucy,

Why did so many tenants not pay this week?

#12 95
#21 240
#27 120
#28 260
#33 260

Total 975

It seems these apartments just missed rent.  What is up?

Other questions:

#9-Why didn't they pay anything?  By my records, they still owe $40 plus rent 
should have been due on 12/12 of $220.

#3-Why did they short pay?

Enron has agreed that the key issue is to focus on solving the S-T buying 
needs.  Attached is a spreadsheet that outlines the $ magnitude of the next 
few months.

TALKING POINTS:

Lot's of questions about DWR becoming the  vehicle for S-T buying and there 
is a significant legal risk for it becoming the vehicle.  WE DO NEED 
SOMETHING TO BRIDGE BEFORE WE PUT IN L-T CONTRACTS.
Huge and growing shortfall ($3.2B through March 31, 2001) 
The SOONER YOU CAN PUT IN L-T CONTRACTS STOP THE BLEEDING.
Bankruptcy takes all authority out of the Legislature's hands.

ACTION ITEMS:

1. Energy Sales Participation Agreement During Bankruptcy

Michael Tribolet will be contacting John Klauberg to discuss how to organize 
a Participation Agreement to sell to UDCs in Bankruptcy while securing Super 
Priority.

2. Legislative Language for CDWR (?) Buying Short-Term

Sandi McCubbin / Jeff Dasovich will lead team to offer new language to meet 
S-T requirements of UDCs.  Key is to talk with State of California Treasurer 
to see if the $ can be found or provided to private firms.  ($3.5B by end of 
April).  Pat Boylston will develop "public benefit" language for options 
working with Mike Day.  He can be reached at 503-294-9116 or 
pgboylston@stoel.com.

3. Get Team to Sacramento

Get with Hertzberg to discuss the options (Bev Hansen).  Explain the 
magnitude of the problem.  Get Mike Day to help draft language.  

4. See if UDCs have any Thoughts

Steve Kean will communicate with UDCs to see if they have any solutions or 
thougths.  Probably of limited value.

5. Update List

Any new information on this should be communicated to the following people as 
soon as possible.  These people should update their respective business units.

ENA Legal - Christian Yoder / Travis McCullough
Credit - Michael Tribolet
EES - Vicki Sharp / Don Black
ENA - Tim Belden / Philip Allen
Govt Affairs - Steve Kean / Richard Shapiro

Attached is a summary of the Jan 13 Davis-Summers summit on the California 
power situation.  We will be discussing this at the 2:00 call today.

Kristin,

Thank you for the California update.  Please continue to include me in all 
further intellegence reports regarding the situation in California.  

Phillip

Andrea,

Please resend the first three resumes.

Phillip

Bob,

 Any time tomorrow between 10 am and 1 pm would be good for looking at the 
plans.  As far as the TV's, what do you need me to do?  Do we need plasma 
screens or would regular monitors be just as good at a fraction of the cost.

Phillip

Phillip, attached are resumes of analysts that are up for rotation.  If you 
are interested, you may contact them directly.

, , 

TIM HEIZENRADER
01/11/2001 10:17 AM
	

Here's our first cut at a full year hydro projection:  Please keep 
confidential.

Jim,

Here are the key gas contacts.

   Work   Home   Cell

Phillip Allen  X37041   713-463-8626  713-410-4679

Mike Grigsby  X37031   713-780-1022  713-408-6256

Keith Holst  X37069   713-667-5889  713-502-9402

Please call me with any significant developments.

Phillip 

Lucy,

The apartments that have new tenants since December 15th are:  
1,2,8,12,13,16,20a,20b,25,32,38,39.

Are we running an apartment complex or a motel?

Please update all lease information on the 1/12 rentroll and email it to me 
this afternoon.

Phillip

Larry,

Do you want the loan and wire amount to be for exactly $1.1 million.

Phillip

Thanks for representing Matt.

Phillip

George,

Here is a spreadsheet that illustrates the payout of investment and builders 
profit.  Check my math, but it looks like all the builders profit would be 
recouped in the first year of operation.  At permanent financing $1.1 would 
be paid, leaving only .3 to pay out in the 1st year.

Since almost 80% of builders profit is repaid at the same time as the 
investment, I feel the 65/35 is a fair split.  However, as I mentioned 
earlier, I think we should negotiate to layer on additional equity to you as 
part of the construction contract.  

Just to begin the brainstorming on what a construction agreement might look 
like here are a few ideas:

 1.  Fixed construction profit of $1.4 million.  Builder doesn't benefit from 
higher cost, rather suffers as an equity holder.

 2.  +5% equity for meeting time and costs in original plan ($51/sq ft, phase 
1 complete in November)
      +5% equity for under budget and ahead of schedule
      -5% equity for over budget and behind schedule

This way if things go according to plan the final split would be 60/40, but 
could be as favorable as 55/45.  I realize that what is budget and schedule 
must be discussed and agreed upon.

Feel free to call me at home (713)463-8626

Phillip
 
 

Lucy,

Here is a schedule of the most recent utility bills and the overages.  There 
are alot of overages.  It will probably get worse this month because of all 
the cold weather.

You need to be very clear with all new tenants about the electricity cap.  
This needs to be handwritten on all new leases.

I am going to fax you copies of the bills that support this spreadsheet.  We 
also need to write a short letter remind everyone about the cap and the need 
to conserve energy if they don't want to exceed their cap.  I will write 
something today.

Wait until you have copies of the bills and the letter before you start 
collecting.

Phillip

We do not understand our VAR.  Can you please get us all the detailed reports 
and component VAR reports that you can produce?

The sooner the better.

Phillip

test successful.  way to go!!!

Ted,

Andrea in the analysts pool asked me to fill out this request.  Can you help 
expedite this process?

Phillip

Frank,

Did you receive the information about the San Marcos apartments.  I have left 
several messages at your office to follow up.  You mentioned that your plate 
was fairly full.  Are you too busy to look at this project?  As I mentioned I 
would be interested in speaking to you as an advisor or at least a sounding 
board for the key issues.  

Please email or call.

Phillip Allen
pallen@enron.com
713-853-7041

Questions about 12/29 rentroll:

 There were two deposits that were not labeled.  One for $150 and the other 
for $75.  Which apartments?  20a or #13?

 Utility overages for #26 and #44?  Where did you get these amounts?  For 
what periods?

 
What is going on with #42.   Do not evict this tenant for being unclean!!!  
That will just create an apartment that we will have to spend a lot of money 
and time remodeling.  I would rather try and deal with this tenant by first 
asking them to clean their apartment and fixing anything that is wrong like 
leaky pipes.  If that doesn't work, we should tell them we will clean the 
apartment and charge them for the labor.  Then we will perform monthly 
inspections to ensure they are not damaging the property.  This tenant has 
been here since September 1998, I don't want to run them off.

I check with the bank and I did not see that a deposit was made on Tuesday so 
I couldn't check the total from the rentroll against the bank.  Is this 
right?  Has the deposit been made yet?

 A rentroll for Jan 5th will follow shortly.

Phillip

cannot open this file. Please send in different format

I can't open a winmail.dat file.  can you send in a different format

	
	

Kristian J Lande

12/01/2000 03:54 PM

We met with Gov Davis on Thursday evening in LA.  In attendance were Ken Lay, 
the Governor, the Governor's staff director (Kari Dohn) and myself.  The gov. 
spent over an hour and a half with us covering our suggestions and his 
ideas.  He would like some additional thoughts from us by Tuesday of next 
week as he prepares his state of the state address for the following Monday.  
Attached to the end of this memo is a list of solutions we proposed (based on 
my discussions with several of you) as well as some background materials Jeff 
Dasovich and I prepared.  Below are my notes from the meeting regarding our 
proposals, the governor's ideas, as well as my overview of the situation 
based on the governor's comments:

Overview:   We made great progress in both ensuring that he understands that 
we are different from the generators and in opening a channel for ongoing 
communication with his administration. The gov does not want the utilities to 
go bankrupt and seems predisposed to both rate relief (more modest than what 
the utilities are looking for) and credit guarantees.  His staff has more 
work to do on the latter, but he was clearly intrigued with the idea.  He 
talked mainly in terms of raising rates but not uncapping them at the retail 
level.  He also wants to use what generation he has control over for the 
benefit of California consumers, including utility-owned generation (which he 
would dedicate to consumers on a cost-plus basis) and excess muni power 
(which he estimates at 3000MW).  He foresees a mix of market oriented 
solutions as well as interventionist solutions which will allow him to fix 
the problem by '02 and provide some political cover.
Our proposals:  I have attached the outline we put in front of him (it also 
included the forward price information several of you provided).  He seemed 
interested in 1) the buy down of significant demand, 2) the state setting a 
goal of x000 MW of new generation by a date certain, 3) getting the utilities 
to gradually buy more power forward and 4) setting up a group of rate 
analysts and other "nonadvocates" to develop solutions to a number of issues 
including designing the portfolio and forward purchase terms for utilities.  
He was also quite interested in examining the incentives surrounding LDC gas 
purchases.   As already mentioned, he was also favorably disposed to finding 
some state sponsored credit support for the utilities.
His ideas:  The gov read from a list of ideas some of which were obviously 
under serious consideration and some of which were mere "brainstorming".  
Some of these ideas would require legislative action.
State may build (or make build/transfer arrangements) a "couple" of 
generation plants.  The gov feels strongly that he has to show consumers that 
they are getting something in return for bearing some rate increases.  This 
was a frequently recurring theme.
Utilities would sell the output from generation they still own on a cost-plus 
basis to consumers.
Municipal utilties would be required to sell their excess generation in 
California.
State universities (including UC/CSU and the community colleges) would more 
widely deploy distributed generation.
Expand in-state gas production.
Take state lands gas royalties in kind.
negotiate directly with tribes and state governments in the west for 
addtional gas supplies.
Empower an existing state agency to approve/coordinate power plant 
maintenance schedules to avoid having too much generation out of service at 
any one time.
Condition emissions offsets on commitments to sell power longer term in state.
Either eliminate the ISO or sharply curtail its function -- he wants to hear 
more about how Nordpool works(Jeff- someone in Schroeder's group should be 
able to help out here).
Wants to condition new generation on a commitment to sell in state.  We made 
some headway with the idea that he could instead require utilities to buy 
some portion of their forward requirements from new in-state generation 
thereby accomplishing the same thing without using a command and control 
approach with generators.
Securitize uncollected power purchase costs.
To dos: (Jeff, again I'd like to prevail on you to assemble the group's 
thoughts and get them to Kari)
He wants to see 5 year fixed power prices for peak/ off-peak and baseload -- 
not just the 5 one year strips.
He wants comments on his proposals by Tuesday.
He would like thoughts on how to pitch what consumers are getting out of the 
deal.
He wants to assemble a group of energy gurus to help sort through some of the 
forward contracting issues.
Thanks to everyone for their help.  We made some progress today.

Trading Profits

P. Allen  200
M. Grigsby 463
Rest of Desk 282

Total  945

I view my bonus as partly attributable to my own trading and partly to the 
group's performance.  Here are my thoughts.

  Minimum  Market   Maximum

Cash  2 MM   4 MM   6 MM
Equity  2 MM   4 MM   6 MM

Here are Mike's numbers.  I have not made any adjustments to them.

  Minimum  Market   Maximum

Cash  2 MM   3 MM   4 MM
Equity  4 MM   7 MM   12 MM

I have given him an "expectations" speech, but you might do the same at some 
point.

Phillip

Hunter S Shively
12/28/2000 07:15 AM
Larry,

I was able to scan my 98 & 99 tax returns into Adobe.  Here they are plus the 
excel file is a net worth statement.  If you have any trouble downloading or 
printing these files let me know and I can fax them to you.   Let's talk 
later today.

Phillip

P.S.  Please remember to get Jim Murnan the info. he needs.

Gentlemen,

 I continue to speak to an attorney for help with the investment structure 
and a mortgage broker for help with the financing.  Regarding the financing, 
I am working with Jim Murnan at Pinnacle Mortgage here in Houston.  I have 
sent him some information on the project, but he needs financial information 
on you.  Can you please send it to him.  His contact information is:  phone 
(713)781-5810, fax (713)781-6614, and email jim123@pdq.net.

 I know Larry has been working with a bank and they need my information.  I 
hope to pull that together this afternoon.

 I took the liberty of calling Thomas Reames from the Frog Pond document.  He 
was positive about his experience overall.  He did not seem pleased with the 
bookkeeping or information flow to the investor.  I think we should discuss 
these procedures in advance.

 Let's continue to speak or email frequently as new developments occur.

Phillip

1. login:  pallen pw: ke9davis

 I don't think these are required by the ISP 

  2.  static IP address

 IP: 64.216.90.105
 Sub: 255.255.255.248
 gate: 64.216.90.110
 DNS: 151.164.1.8

  3.  Company: 0413
        RC:  105891

Jim,

 I would appreciate your help in locating financing for the project I 
described to you last week.  The project is a 134 unit apartment complex in 
San Marcos.  There will be a builder/developer plus myself and possibly a 
couple of other investors involved.  As I mentioned last week, I would like 
to find interim financing (land, construction, semi-perm) that does not 
require the investors to personally guarantee.  If there is a creative way to 
structure the deal, I would like to hear your suggestions.  One idea that has 
been mentioned is to obtain a "forward commitment" in order to reduce the 
equity required.  I would also appreciate hearing from you how deals of this 
nature are normally financed.  Specifically, the transition from interim to 
permanent financing.  I could use a quick lesson in what numbers will be 
important to banks. 

 I am faxing you a project summary.  And I will have the builder/developer 
email or fax his financial statement to you.

 Let me know what else you need.  The land is scheduled to close mid January.

Phillip Allen

Jeff,

Everything should be done for closing on the Leander deal on the 29th.  I 
have fed ex'd the closing statements and set up a wire transfer to go out 
tomorrow.    When will more money be required?  Escrow for roads?  Utility 
connections?  Other rezoning costs?  

What about property taxes?  The burnet land lost its ag exemption while I 
owned it.  Are there steps we can take to hold on to the exemption on this 
property?  Can you explain the risks and likelihood of any rollback taxes 
once the property is rezoned?  Do we need to find a farmer and give him 
grazing rights?

What are the important dates coming up and general status of rezoning and 
annexing?  I am worried about the whole country slipping into a recession and 
American Multifamily walking on this deal.  So I just want to make sure we 
are pushing the process as fast as we can.

Phillip

Steve,

I am sending you a variety of charts with prices and operational detail.  If 
you need to call with questions my home number is 713-463-8626.

As far as recommendations, here is a short list:

 1.  Examine LDC's incentive rate program.  Current methodology rewards sales 
above monthly index without enough consideration of future 
      replacement cost.  The result is that the LDC's sell gas that should be 
injected into storage when daily prices run above the monthly index.
                    This creates a shortage in later months.

 2.  California has the storage capacity and pipeline capacity to meet 
demand.  Investigate why it wasn't maximized operationally.  
                      Specific questions should include:  

  1.  Why in March '00-May '00  weren't total system receipts higher in order 
to fill storage?

  2.  Why are there so many examples of OFO's on weekends that push away too 
much gas from Socal's system.  
       I believe Socal gas does an extremely poor job of forecasting their 
own demand.  They repeatedly estimated they would receive       more gas than 
their injection capablity, but injected far less.

 3.  Similar to the power market,  there is too much benchmarking to short 
term prices.  Not enough forward hedging is done by the major 
                    LDCs.  By design the customers are short at a floating 
rate.  This market has been long historically.  It has been a buyers market 
and the 
     consumer has benefitted.  

Call me if you need any more input.

Phillip

Monique Sanchez

Jay Reitmeyer

Randy Gay

Matt Lenhart

John,

Here is our North of Stanfield forecast for Jan.

Supply    Jan '01   Dec '00   Jan '00

 Sumas   900   910   815
 Jackson Pr.  125    33   223
 Roosevelt  300   298   333
 
 Total Supply  1325   1241   1371

Demand
 North of Chehalis 675   665   665
 South of Chehalis 650   575   706

 Total Demand  1325   1240   1371

Roosevelt capacity is 495.

Let me know how your forecast differs.

Phillip  

 

Please assign global id's to the four junior traders listed on Dawn's 
original email.  The are all trading and need to have unique id's.

Thank you

Received the fax.  Thank you.  I might have to sell the QQQ and take the loss 
for taxes.  But I would roll right into a basket of individual technology 
stocks.  I think I mentioned this to you previously that I have decided to 
use this account for the kids college.  

Fax number 713-646-2391

PLEASE APPROVE HIM FOR THIS.  PHILLIP WILL NOT BE ABLE TO GET INTO HIS EMAIL 
SYSTEM TO DO THIS.
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, OR PROBLEMS, PLEASE CALL ME AT  X3-7257.

THANK YOU.

INA.

IF THIS IS A PROBLEM TO DO IT THIS WAY PLEASE CALL ME AND I WILL WALK PHILLIP 
THROUGH THE STEPS TO APPROVE.  IF YOU CALL HIM, HE WILL DIRECT IT TO ME 
ANYWAY.

ARSystem@mailman.enron.com on 12/18/2000 07:07:04 PM
This request has been pending your approval for  5 days.  Please click 
http://itcapps.corp.enron.com/srrs/auth/emailLink.asp?ID=000000000009659&Page=
Approval to review and act upon this request.

Request ID          : 000000000009659
Request Create Date : 12/8/00 8:23:47 AM
Requested For       : barry.tycholiz@enron.com
Resource Name       : VPN
Resource Type       : Applications

George & Larry,

 If possible,  I would like to get together in Columbus as Larry suggested.  
Thursday afternoon is the only day that really works for me.  
Let me know if that would work for you.  I was thinking around 2  or 2:30 pm.

I will try to email you any questions I have from the latest proforma 
tomorrow.

Phillip

Phillip,

> As discussed  during our phone conversation, In a Parallon 75 microturbine
> power generation deal for a national accounts customer, I am developing a
> proposal to sell power to customer at fixed or collar/floor price. To do
> so I need a corresponding term gas price for same. Microturbine is an
> onsite generation product developed by Honeywell to generate electricity
> on customer site (degen). using natural gas. In doing so,  I need your
> best fixed price forward gas price deal for 1, 3, 5, 7 and 10 years for
> annual/seasonal supply to microturbines to generate fixed kWh for
> customer. We have the opportunity to sell customer kWh 's using
> microturbine or sell them turbines themselves. kWh deal must have limited/
> no risk forward gas price to make deal work. Therein comes Sempra energy
> gas trading, truly you.
>
> We are proposing installing 180 - 240 units across a large number of
> stores (60-100) in San Diego.
> Store number varies because of installation hurdles face at small percent.
>
> For 6-8 hours a day  Microturbine run time:
> Gas requirement for 180 microturbines 227 - 302 MMcf per year
> Gas requirement for 240 microturbines 302 - 403 MMcf per year
>
> Gas will likely be consumed from May through September, during peak
> electric period.
> Gas price required: Burnertip price behind (LDC) San Diego Gas & Electric
> Need detail breakout of commodity and transport cost (firm or
> interruptible).
>
> Should you have additional questions, give me a call.
> Let me assure you, this is real deal!!
>
> Buck Buckner, P.E., MBA
> Manager, Business Development and Planning
> Big Box Retail Sales
> Honeywell Power Systems, Inc.
> 8725 Pan American Frwy
> Albuquerque, NM 87113
> 505-798-6424
> 505-798-6050x
> 505-220-4129
> 888/501-3145
> 

Jeff,

Hear is a new NOI file.  I have added an operating statement for 1999 
(partial year).

I will try to email you some photos soon.

Phillip

Jeff,

The files attached contain a current rentroll, 2000 operating statement, and 
a proforma operating statement.

Yes. Trading reports to Whalley.  He is Lavorato's boss.

Larry,

 10 AM tomorrow is good for me.  If you want to email me anything tonight, 
please use pallen70@hotmail.com.

Phillip

Lucy,

 I want to get the lease data and tenant data updated.  
  
  The critical information is  1.  Move in or lease start date
      2.  Lease expiration date
      3.  Rent
      4.  Deposit 
  
  If you have the info you can
  fill in these items  1.  Number of occupants
      2.  Workplace
      

  All the new leases should be the long form.

 The apartments that have new tenants since these columns have been updated 
back in October are  #3,5,9,11,12,17,21,22,23,25,28,33,38.
  

 I really need to get this by tomorrow.  Please use the rentroll_1215 file to 
input the correct information on all these tenants.  And email it to me 
tomorrow.  You should have all this information on their leases and 
applications.  

Phillip

Lucy,

Here is a new file for 12/15.

For the rentroll for 12/08 here are my questions:

 #23 & #24 did not pay.  Just late or moving?

 #25 & #33 Both paid 130 on 12/01 and $0 on 12/08.  What is the deal?

 #11  Looks like she is caught up.  When is she due again?

Please email the answers.

Phillip
  

Phillip -- Is the value axis on Sheet 2 of the "socalprices" spread sheet 
supposed to be in $?  If so, are they the right values (millions?) and where 
did they come from?  I can't relate them to the Sheet 1 spread sheet.

As I told Mike, we will file this out-of-time tomorrow as a supplement to our 
comments today along with a cover letter.  We have to fully understand the 
charts and how they are constructed, and we ran out of time today.  It's much 
better to file an out-of-time supplement to timely comments than to file the 
whole thing late, particuarly since this is apparently on such a fast track.

Thanks.

   
	
	

Attached  are two files that illustrate the following:

As prices rose, supply increased and demand decreased.  Now prices are 
beginning to fall in response these market responses. 

        

Yes you can use this chart.  Does it make sense?  

	"Randall Rich" <rrich@bracepatt.com>
	12/13/2000 05:13 PM
		 
The filed version of the comments in the San Diego Gas & Electric matter at 
FERC is attached.

 - SANDIEGO.DOC

Mr. Buckner,

 For delivered gas behind San Diego, Enron Energy Services is the appropriate 
Enron entity.  I have forwarded your request to Zarin Imam at EES.  Her phone 
number is 713-853-7107.  

Phillip Allen

Lucy,

 Here are the rentrolls:

 Open them and save in the rentroll folder.  Follow these steps so you don't 
misplace these files.

 1.  Click on Save As
 2.  Click on the drop down triangle under Save in:
 3.  Click on the  (C): drive
 4.  Click on the appropriate folder
 5.  Click on Save:

Phillip

Richard Burchfield
10/06/2000 06:59 AM
Phillip,
 Below is the issues & to do list as we go forward with documenting the 
requirements for consolidated physical/financial positions and transport 
trade capture. What we need to focus on is the first bullet in Allan's list; 
the need for a single set of requirements. Although the meeting with Keith, 
on Wednesday,  was informative the solution of creating a infinitely dynamic 
consolidated position screen, will be extremely difficult and time 
consuming.  Throughout the meeting on Wednesday, Keith alluded to the 
inability to get consensus amongst the traders on the presentation of the 
consolidated position, so the solution was to make it so that a trader can 
arrange the position screen to their liking (much like Excel). What needs to 
happen on Monday from 3 - 5 is a effort to design a desired layout for the 
consolidated position screen, this is critical. This does not exclude 
building a capability to create a more flexible position presentation for the 
future, but in order to create a plan that can be measured we need firm 
requirements. Also, to reiterate that the goals of this project is a project 
plan on consolidate physical/financial positions and transport trade capture. 
The other issues that have been raised will be capture as projects on to 
themselves, and will need to be prioritised as efforts outside of this 
project.

I have been involved in most of the meetings and the discussions have been 
good. I believe there has been good communication between the teams, but now 
we need to have focus on the objectives we set out to solve.

Richard  
Allan Severude
10/05/2000 06:03 PM
From our initial set of meetings with the traders regarding consolidated 
positions, I think we still have the following issues:
We don't have a single point of contact from the trading group.  We've had 
three meetings which brought out very different issues from different 
traders.  We really need a single point of contact to help drive the trader 
requirements and help come to a consensus regarding the requirements.
We're getting hit with a lot of different requests, many of which appear to 
be outside the scope of position consolidation.

Things left to do:
I think it may be useful to try to formulate a high level project goal to 
make it as clear as possible what we're trying to accomplish with this 
project.  It'll help determine which requests fall under the project scope.
Go through the list of requests to determine which are in scope for this 
project and which fall out of scope.
For those in scope, work to define relative importance (priority) of each and 
work with traders to define the exact requirements of each.
Define the desired lay out of the position manager screen: main view and all 
drill downs.
Use the above to formulate a project plan.

Things requested thus far (no particular order):
Inclusion of Sitara physical deals into the TDS position manager and deal 
ticker.
Customized rows and columns in the position manager (ad hoc rows/columns that 
add up existing position manager rows/columns).
New drill down in the position manager to break out positions by: physical, 
transport, swaps, options, ...
Addition of a curve tab to the position manager to show the real-time values 
of all curves on which the desk has a position.
Ability to split the current position grid to allow daily positions to be 
shown directly above monthly positions.  Each grouped column in the top grid 
would be tied to a grouped column in the bottom grid.
Ability to properly show curve shift for float-for-float deals; determine the 
appropriate positions to show for each:
Gas Daily for monthly index,
Physical gas for Nymex,
Physical gas for Inside Ferc,
Physical gas for Mid market.
Ability for TDS to pull valuation results based on a TDS flag instead of 
using official valuations.
Position and P&L aggregation across all gas desks.
Ability to include the Gas Price book into TDS:
Inclusion of spread options in our systems.  Ability to handle volatility 
skew and correlations.
Ability to revalue all options incrementally throughout the trading day.  
Approximate delta changes between valuations using instantaneous gamma or a 
gamma grid.
Valuation of Gas Daily options.
A new position screen for options (months x strike x delta).  TBD.
Inclusion of positions for exotic options currently managed in spreadsheets.
Ability to isolate the position change due to changed deals in the position 
manager.
Ability to view change deal P&L in the TDS deal ticker.  Show new deal terms, 
prior deal terms, and net P&L affect of the change.
Eliminate change deals with no economic impact from the TDS deal ticker.
Position drill down in the position manager to isolate the impact of 
individual deals on the position total in a grid cell.
Benchmark positions in TDS.
Deployment of TDS in Canada. Currency and volume uom conversions. Implicit 
and explicit position break out issues.

-- Allan.

PS: Colleen is setting up a meeting tomorrow to discuss the direction for 
transport.  Hopefully we'll know much better where that part stands at that 
point.

Richard Burchfield
10/06/2000 06:59 AM
Phillip,
 Below is the issues & to do list as we go forward with documenting the 
requirements for consolidated physical/financial positions and transport 
trade capture. What we need to focus on is the first bullet in Allan's list; 
the need for a single set of requirements. Although the meeting with Keith, 
on Wednesday,  was informative the solution of creating a infinitely dynamic 
consolidated position screen, will be extremely difficult and time 
consuming.  Throughout the meeting on Wednesday, Keith alluded to the 
inability to get consensus amongst the traders on the presentation of the 
consolidated position, so the solution was to make it so that a trader can 
arrange the position screen to their liking (much like Excel). What needs to 
happen on Monday from 3 - 5 is a effort to design a desired layout for the 
consolidated position screen, this is critical. This does not exclude 
building a capability to create a more flexible position presentation for the 
future, but in order to create a plan that can be measured we need firm 
requirements. Also, to reiterate that the goals of this project is a project 
plan on consolidate physical/financial positions and transport trade capture. 
The other issues that have been raised will be capture as projects on to 
themselves, and will need to be prioritised as efforts outside of this 
project.

I have been involved in most of the meetings and the discussions have been 
good. I believe there has been good communication between the teams, but now 
we need to have focus on the objectives we set out to solve.

Richard  
Allan Severude
10/05/2000 06:03 PM
From our initial set of meetings with the traders regarding consolidated 
positions, I think we still have the following issues:
We don't have a single point of contact from the trading group.  We've had 
three meetings which brought out very different issues from different 
traders.  We really need a single point of contact to help drive the trader 
requirements and help come to a consensus regarding the requirements.
We're getting hit with a lot of different requests, many of which appear to 
be outside the scope of position consolidation.

Things left to do:
I think it may be useful to try to formulate a high level project goal to 
make it as clear as possible what we're trying to accomplish with this 
project.  It'll help determine which requests fall under the project scope.
Go through the list of requests to determine which are in scope for this 
project and which fall out of scope.
For those in scope, work to define relative importance (priority) of each and 
work with traders to define the exact requirements of each.
Define the desired lay out of the position manager screen: main view and all 
drill downs.
Use the above to formulate a project plan.

Things requested thus far (no particular order):
Inclusion of Sitara physical deals into the TDS position manager and deal 
ticker.
Customized rows and columns in the position manager (ad hoc rows/columns that 
add up existing position manager rows/columns).
New drill down in the position manager to break out positions by: physical, 
transport, swaps, options, ...
Addition of a curve tab to the position manager to show the real-time values 
of all curves on which the desk has a position.
Ability to split the current position grid to allow daily positions to be 
shown directly above monthly positions.  Each grouped column in the top grid 
would be tied to a grouped column in the bottom grid.
Ability to properly show curve shift for float-for-float deals; determine the 
appropriate positions to show for each:
Gas Daily for monthly index,
Physical gas for Nymex,
Physical gas for Inside Ferc,
Physical gas for Mid market.
Ability for TDS to pull valuation results based on a TDS flag instead of 
using official valuations.
Position and P&L aggregation across all gas desks.
Ability to include the Gas Price book into TDS:
Inclusion of spread options in our systems.  Ability to handle volatility 
skew and correlations.
Ability to revalue all options incrementally throughout the trading day.  
Approximate delta changes between valuations using instantaneous gamma or a 
gamma grid.
Valuation of Gas Daily options.
A new position screen for options (months x strike x delta).  TBD.
Inclusion of positions for exotic options currently managed in spreadsheets.
Ability to isolate the position change due to changed deals in the position 
manager.
Ability to view change deal P&L in the TDS deal ticker.  Show new deal terms, 
prior deal terms, and net P&L affect of the change.
Eliminate change deals with no economic impact from the TDS deal ticker.
Position drill down in the position manager to isolate the impact of 
individual deals on the position total in a grid cell.
Benchmark positions in TDS.
Deployment of TDS in Canada. Currency and volume uom conversions. Implicit 
and explicit position break out issues.

-- Allan.

PS: Colleen is setting up a meeting tomorrow to discuss the direction for 
transport.  Hopefully we'll know much better where that part stands at that 
point.

Jeff Richter
12/07/2000 06:31 AM
Carla Hoffman
12/07/2000 06:19 AM

13:18 GMT 7 December 2000 DJ Cal-ISO Pays $10M To Avoid Rolling Blackouts
Wed -Sources
(This article was originally published Wednesday)
LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--The California Independent System Operator paid
about $10 million Wednesday for 1,000 megawatts of power from Powerex and
still faced a massive deficit that threatened electricity reliability in the
state, high-ranking market sources familiar with the ISO's operation told
Dow Jones Newswires.
But the ISO fell short of ordering rolling blackouts Wednesday for the third
consecutive day.
The ISO wouldn't comment on the transactions, saying it is sensitive market
information. But sources said Powerex, a subsidiary of British Columbia
Hydro & Power Authority (X.BCH), is the only energy company in the Northwest
region with an abundant supply of electricity to spare and the ISO paid
about $900 a megawatt-hour from the early afternoon through the evening.
But that still wasn't enough juice.
The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power sold the ISO 1,200 megawatts
of power later in the day at the wholesale electricity price cap rate of
$250/MWh. The LADWP, which is not governed by the ISO, needs 3,800 megawatts
of power to serve its customers. It is free sell power instate above the
$250/MWh price cap.
The LADWP has been very vocal about the amount of power it has to spare. The
municipal utility has also reaped huge profits by selling its excess power
into the grid when supply is tight and prices are high. However, the LADWP
is named as a defendant in a civil lawsuit alleging price gouging. The suit
claims the LADWP sells some of its power it gets from the federal Bonneville
Power Administration, which sells hydropower at cheap rates, back into the
market at prices 10 times higher.
Powerex officials wouldn't comment on the ISO power sale, saying all
transactions are proprietary. But the company also sold the ISO 1,000
megawatts Tuesday - minutes before the ISO was to declare rolling blackouts
- for $1,100 a megawatt-hour, market sources said.
The ISO, whose main job is to keep electricity flowing throughout the state
no matter what the cost, started the day with a stage-two power emergency,
which means its operating reserves fell to less than 5%. The ISO is having
to compete with investor-owned utilities in the Northwest that are willing
to pay higher prices for power in a region where there are no price caps.
The ISO warned federal regulators, generators and utilities Wednesday during
a conference call that it would call a stage-three power emergency
Wednesday, but wouldn't order rolling blackouts. A stage three is declared
when the ISO's operating reserves fall to less than 1.5% and power is
interrupted on a statewide basis to keep the grid from collapsing.
But ISO spokesman Patrick Dorinson said it would call a stage three only as
a means of attracting additional electricity resources.
"In order to line up (more power) we have to be in a dire situation,"
Dorinson said.
Edison International unit (EIX) Southern California Edison, Sempra Energy
unit (SRE) San Diego Gas & Electric, PG&E Corp. (PCG) unit Pacific Gas &
Electric and several municipal utilities in the state will share the cost of
the high-priced power.
SoCal Edison and PG&E are facing a debt of more than $6 billion due to high
wholesale electricity costs. The utilities debt this week could grow by
nearly $1 billion, analysts said. It's still unclear whether retail
customers will be forced to pay for the debt through higher electricity
rates or if companies will absorb the costs.
-By Jason Leopold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874;
jason.leopold@dowjones.com
(END) Dow Jones Newswires 07-12-00
1318GMT Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company Inc
13:17 GMT 7 December 2000 DJ Calif ISO, PUC Inspect Off-line Duke South Bay
Pwr Plant
(This article was originally published Wednesday)
LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--Representatives of the California Independent
System Operator and Public Utilities Commission inspected Duke Energy
Corp.'s (DUK) off-line 700-MW South Bay Power Plant in Chula Vista, Calif.,
Wednesday morning, a Duke spokesman said.
The ISO and PUC have been inspecting all off-line power plants in the state
since Tuesday evening to verify that those plants are shut down for the
reasons generators say they are, ISO spokesman Pat Dorinson said.
About 11,000 MW of power has been off the state's power grid since Monday,
7,000 MW of which is off-line for unplanned maintenance, according to the
ISO.
The ISO manages grid reliability.
As previously reported, the ISO told utilities and the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission Wednesday that it would call a stage three power alert
at 5 PM PST (0100 GMT Thursday), meaning power reserves in the state would
dip below 1.5% and rolling blackouts could be implemented to avoid grid
collapse. However, the ISO said the action wouldn't result in rolling
blackouts.
The ISO and PUC also inspected Tuesday plants owned by Dynegy Inc (DYN),
Reliant Energy Inc. (REI) and Southern Energy Inc (SOE).
Duke's 1,500-MW Moss Landing plant was also inspected by PUC representatives
in June, when some units were off-line for repairs, the Duke spokesman said.

   -By Jessica Berthold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3872;
jessica.berthold@dowjones.com

(END) Dow Jones Newswires 07-12-00
1317GMT Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company Inc
13:17 GMT 7 December 2000 =DJ Calif Regulators Visit AES,Dynegy Off-Line
Power Plants
(This article was originally published Wednesday)

   By Jessica Berthold
   Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES

LOS ANGELES (Dow Jones)--AES Corp. (AES) and Dynegy Inc. (DYN) said
Wednesday that representatives of California power officials had stopped by
some of their power plants to verify that they were off line for legitimate
reasons.
The California Independent System Operator, which manages the state's power
grid and one of its wholesale power markets, and the California Public
Utilities Commission began on-site inspections Tuesday night of all power
plants in the state reporting that unplanned outages have forced shutdowns,
ISO spokesman Pat Dorinson said.
The state has had 11,000 MW off the grid since Monday, 7,000 MW for
unplanned maintenance. The ISO Wednesday called a Stage 2 power emergency
for the third consecutive day, meaning power reserves were below 5% and
customers who agreed to cut power in exchange for reduced rates may be
called on to do so.
As reported earlier, Reliant Energy (REI) and Southern Energy Inc. (SOE)
said they had been visited by representatives of the ISO and PUC Tuesday
evening.
Representatives of the two organizations also visited plants owned by AES
and Dynegy Tuesday evening.
AES told the visitors they couldn't perform an unannounced full inspection
of the company's 450-megawatt Huntington Beach power station until Wednesday
morning, when the plant's full staff would be present, AES spokesman Aaron
Thomas said.
Thomas, as well as an ISO spokesman, didn't know whether the representatives
returned Wednesday for a full inspection.

   AES Units Down Due To Expired Emissions Credits

The Huntington Beach facility and units at two other AES facilities have
used up their nitrogen oxide, or NOx, emission credits. They were taken down
two weeks ago in response to a request by the South Coast Air Quality
Management District to stay off line until emissions controls are deployed,
Thomas said.
AES has about 2,000 MW, or half its maximum output, off line. The entire
Huntington plant is off line, as is 1,500 MW worth of units at its Alamitos
and Redondo Beach plants.
The ISO has asked AES to return its off line plants to operations, but AES
has refused because it is concerned the air quality district will fine the
company $20 million for polluting.
"We'd be happy to put our units back, provided we don't get sued for it,"
Thomas said. "It's not clear to us that the ISO trumps the air quality
district's" authority.
As reported, a spokesman for the air quality district said Tuesday that AES
could have elected to buy more emission credits so that it could run its off
line plants in case of power emergencies, but choose not to do so.

   Dynegy's El Segundo Plant Also Visited By PUC

Dynegy Inc. (DYN) said the PUC visited its 1,200 MW El Segundo plant Tuesday
evening, where two of the four units, about 600 MW worth, were off line
Wednesday.
"I guess our position is, 'Gee, we're sorry you don't believe us, but if you
need to come and take a look for yourself, that's fine,'" said Dynegy
spokesman Lynn Lednicky.
Lednicky said one of the two units was off line for planned maintenance and
the other for unplanned maintenance on boiler feedwater pumps, which could
pose a safety hazard if not repaired.
"We've been doing all we can to get back in service," Lednicky said. "We
even paid to have some specialized equipment expedited."
Lednicky added that the PUC seemed satisfied with Dynegy's explanation of
why its units were off line.
-By Jessica Berthold, Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3872,
jessica.berthold@dowjones.com
(END) Dow Jones Newswires 07-12-00
1317GMT Copyright (c) 2000, Dow Jones & Company Inc

G_nther A. Pergher
Senior Analyst
Dow Jones & Company Inc.
Tel.  609.520.7067
Fax. 609.452.3531

The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to
which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged
material.  Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or
taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or
entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you received
this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any
computer.

Dave, 

 Here are the names of the west desk members by category.  The origination 
side is very sparse.  

Phillip

Paula,

 35 million is fine

Phillip

Please plan to attend the below  Meeting:

                                Topic:  Var, Reporting and Resources Meeting
        
  Date:  Wednesday, October 11th

  Time:  2:30 - 3:30 

  Location: EB30C1

  

 If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel free to call me.

Thanks,
Rain
x.31560

Westgate

Enclosed are demographics on the Westgate site from Investor's Alliance.
Investor's Alliance says that these demographics are similar to the package
on San Marcos that you received earlier.
If there are any other questions or information requirements, let me know.
Then, let me know your interest level in the Westgate project?

San Marcos
The property across the street from the Sagewood units in San Marcos is for
sale and approved for 134 units.  The land is selling for $2.50 per square
foot as it is one of only two remaining approved multifamily parcels in West
San Marcos, which now has a moratorium on development.

Several new studies we have looked at show that the rents for our duplexes
and for these new units are going to be significantly higher, roughly $1.25
per square foot if leased for the entire unit on a 12-month lease and
$1.30-$1.40 psf if leased on a 12-month term, but by individual room.  This
property will have the best location for student housing of all new
projects, just as the duplexes do now.

If this project is of serious interest to you, please let me know as there
is a very, very short window of opportunity.  The equity requirement is not
yet known, but it would be likely to be $300,000 to secure the land.  I will
know more on this question later today.

Sincerely,

George W. Richards
President, Creekside Builders, LLC

 - winmail.dat

Nancy Hall@ENRON
10/02/2000 06:42 AM
There will be a meeting on Tuesday, Oct. 10th at 4:00pm in EB3270 regarding 
Storage Strategies in the West.  Please mark your calendars.

Thank you!

Regards,
Nancy Hall
ENA Denver office
303-575-6490

Brenda,

Please use the second check as the October payment.  If you have already 
tossed it, let me know so I can mail you another.

Phillip

I think Fletch has a good CPA.  I am still doing my own.  

Brenda,

 Please use the second check as my October payment.  I have my copy of the 
original deal.  Do you want me to fax this to you?

Phillip

	
	

Liane,

 As we discussed yesterday, I am concerned there may have been an attempt to 
manipulate the  El Paso San Juan monthly index.  It appears that a single 
buyer entered the marketplace on both September 26 and 27 and paid above 
market prices ($4.70-$4.80) for San Juan gas.  At the time of these trades, 
offers for physical gas at significantly (10 to 15 cents) lower prices were 
bypassed in order to establish higher trades to report into the index 
calculation.  Additionally, these trades are out of line with the associated 
financial swaps for San Juan.

 We have compiled a list of financial and physical trades executed from 
September 25 to September 27.  These are the complete list of trades from 
Enron Online (EOL), Enron's direct phone conversations, and three brokerage 
firms (Amerex, APB, and Prebon).  Please see the attached spreadsheet for a 
trade by trade list and a summary.  We have also included a summary of gas 
daily prices to illustrate the value of San Juan based on several spread 
relationships.  The two key points from this data are as follows:

 1.  The high physical prices on the 26th & 27th (4.75,4,80) are much greater 
than the high financial trades (4.6375,4.665) on those days. 

 2.  The spread relationship between San Juan and other points (Socal & 
Northwest)  is  consistent between the end of September and 
       October gas daily.  It doesn't make sense to have monthly indices that 
are dramatically different.

 I understand you review the trades submitted for outliers.  Hopefully, the 
trades submitted will reveal counterparty names and you will be able to 
determine that there was only one buyer in the 4.70's and these trades are 
outliers.  I wanted to give you some additional points of reference to aid in 
establishing a reasonable index.  It is Enron's belief that the trades at 
$4.70 and higher  were above market trades that should be excluded from the 
calculation of index.

 It is our desire to have reliable and accurate indices against which to 
conduct our physical and financial business.  Please contact me 
anytime I can assist you towards this goal.

Sincerely,

Phillip Allen

raincheck?

Liane,

 As we discussed yesterday, I am concerned there has been an attempt to 
manipulate the  El Paso San Juan monthly index.  A single buyer entered the 
marketplace on both September 26 and 27 and paid above market prices 
($4.70-$4.80) for San Juan gas with the intent to distort the index.  At the 
time of these trades, offers for physical gas at significantly (10 to 15 
cents) lower prices were bypassed in order to establish higher trades to 
report into the index calculation.  Additionally, these trades are out of 
line with the associated financial swaps for San Juan.

 We have compiled a list of financial and physical trades executed from 
September 25 to September 27.  These are the complete list of trades from 
Enron Online (EOL), Enron's direct phone conversations, and three brokerage 
firms (Amerex, APB, and Prebon).  Please see the attached spreadsheet for a 
trade by trade list and a summary.  We have also included a summary of gas 
daily prices to illustrate the value of San Juan based on several spread 
relationships.  The two key points from this data are as follows:

 1.  The high physical prices on the 26th & 27th (4.75,4,80) are much greater 
than the high financial trades (4.6375,4.665) on those days. 

 2.  The spread relationship between San Juan and other points (Socal & 
Northwest)  is  consistent between the end of September and 
       October gas daily.  It doesn't make sense to have monthly indeces that 
are dramatically different.

 I understand you review the trades submitted for outliers.  Hopefully, the 
trades submitted will reveal counterparty names and you will be able to 
determine that there was only one buyer in the 4.70's and these trades are 
outliers.  I wanted to give you some additional points of reference to aid in 
establishing a reasonable index.  It is Enron's belief that the trades at 
$4.70 and higher  were above market trades that should be excluded from the 
calculation of index.

 It is our desire to have reliable and accurate indeces against which to 
conduct our physical and financial business.  Please contact me 
anytime I can assist you towards this goal.

Sincerely,

Phillip Allen

Phillip,
       How are you and how is everyone? I sent you the rent roll #27 is
moving out and I wknow that I will be able to rent it real fast.All I HAVE
TO DO IN there is touch up the walls .Four adults will be moving in @130.00
a wk and 175.00 deposit they will be in by Thursday or Friday.
                                       Thank You , Lucy

 - rentroll_1201.xls

STRUCTURE:
Typically the structure is a limited partnership with a corporate (or LLC)
general partner.  The General Partner owns 1% of the project and carries the
liability of construction.

LAND OWNERSHIP & LOANS
The property would be purchased in the name of the limited partnership and
any land loans, land improvements loans and construction loans would be in
the name of the limited partnership.  Each of the individual investors and
all of the principals in Creekside would also personally guarantee the
loans.  If the investor(s) do not sign on the loans, this generally means
that a larger amount of cash is required and the investor's share of profits
is reduced.

All loans for residential construction, that are intended for re-sale, are
full recourse loans.  If we are pursuing multifamily rental developments,
the construction loans are still full recourse but the mortgage can often be
non-recourse.

USE OF INITIAL INVESTMENT
The initial investment is used for land deposit, engineering &
architectural design, soils tests, surveys, filing fees, legal fees for
organization and condominium association formation,  and appraisals.  Unlike
many real estate investment programs, none of the funds are used for fees to
Creekside Builders, LLC.  These professional expenses will be incurred over
the estimated 6 month design and approval period.

EARLY LAND COSTS
The $4,000 per month costs listed in the cash flow as part of land cost
represent the extension fees due to the seller for up to 4 months of
extensions on closing.  As an alternative, we can close into a land loan at
probably 70% of appraised value.  With a land value equal to the purchase
price of $680,000 this would mean a land loan of $476,000 with estimated
monthly interest payments of $3,966, given a 10% annual interest rate, plus
approximately 1.25% of the loan amount for closing costs and loan fees.

EQUITY AT IMPROVEMENT LOAN
Once the site plan is approved by the City of Austin, the City will require
the development entity to post funds for fiscal improvements, referred to as
the "fiscals".  This cost represents a bond for the completion of
improvements that COA considers vital and these funds are released once the
improvements have been completed and accepted by COA.  This release will be
for 90% of the cost with the remaining 10% released one year after
completion.  Releases can be granted once every 90 days and you should
expect that the release would occur 6 months after the start of lot
improvement construction.  These fiscals are usually posted in cash or an
irrevocable letter of credit.  As such, they have to be counted as a
development cost, even though they are not spent.  Because they are not
spent no interest is charged on these funds.

The lot improvement loan is typically 75% of the appraised value of a
finished lot, which I suspect will be at least $20,000 and potentially as
high as $25,000.  This would produce a loan amount of  $15,000 on $20,000
per lot.  With estimated per lot improvement costs of $9,000, 'fiscals' at
$2,000 and the land cost at $8,000 , total improved lot cost is $19,000
which means $0 to $4,000 per lot in total equity.  The investment prior to
obtaining the improvement loan would count towards any equity requirement
provided it was for direct costs.  Thus, the additional equity for the
improvement loan would be $0-$184,000.   Even if the maximum loan would
cover all costs, it is unlikely the bank would allow reimbursement of funds
spent. The higher estimates of equity investments are shown in the
preliminary proforma to be on the safe side.  The engineer is preparing a
tentative site layout with an initial evaluation of the phasing, which can
significantly reduce the cash equity requirement.

Phasing works as follows.  If the first phase was say 40 units, the total
lot improvement cost might average $31,000 per lot.   Of this, probably
$13,000 would be for improvements and $19,000 for the land cost.  The
improvements are higher to cover large one time up front costs for design
costs, the entry road, water treatment costs, perimeter fencing and
landscaping, and so on, as well as for 100% of the land.  The land loan for
undeveloped lots would be 70% of the appraised raw lot value, which I would
estimate as $10,000 per lot for a loan value of $7,000 per lot.  Then the
loan value for each improved lot would be $15,000 per lot.  This would give
you a total loan of $992,000, total cost of $1,232,645 for equity required
of $241,000.  This was not presented in the initial analysis as the phasing
is depended on a more careful assessment by the Civil Engineer as the
separate phases must each be able to stand on its own from a utility
standpoint.

CONSTRUCTION LOANS
There are three types of  construction loans.  First, is a speculative
(spec) loan that is taken out prior to any pre-sales activity.  Second,  is
a construction loan for a pre-sold unit, but the loan remains in the
builder/developers name.  Third, is a pre-sold unit with the construction
loan in the name of the buyer.  We expect to have up to 8 spec loans to
start the project and expect all other loans to be pre-sold units with loans
in the name of the builder/developer.  We do not expect to have any
construction loans in the name of the buyers, as such loans are too
difficult to manage and please new buyers unfamiliar with the process.

Spec loans will be for 70% to 75% of value and construction loans for
pre-sold units, if the construction loan is from the mortgage lender,  will
be from 80% to 95% of value.

DISBURSEMENTS
Disbursements will be handled by the General Partner to cover current and
near term third party costs, then to necessary reserves, then to priority
payments and then to the partners per the agreement.  The General Partner
will contract with Creekside Builders, LLC to construct the units and the
fee to CB will include a construction management and overhead fee equal to
15% of the direct hard cost excluding land, financing and sales costs.
These fees are the only monies to Creekside, Larry Lewter or myself prior to
calculation of profit, except for a) direct reimbursement for partnership
expenses and b) direct payment to CB for any subcontractor costs that it has
to perform.  For example, if CB cannot find a good trim carpenter sub, or
cannot find enough trim carpenters, etc., and it decides to undertake this
function, it will charge the partnership the same fee it was able to obtain
from third parties and will disclose those cases to the partnership.
Finally, CB will receive a fee for the use of any of its equipment if it is
used in lieu of leasing equipment from others.  At present CB does not own
any significant equipment, but it is considering the purchase of a sky track
to facilitate and speed up framing, cornice, roofing and drywall spreading.

REPORTING
We are more than willing to provide reports to track expenses vs. plan.
What did you have in mind?  I would like to use some form of internet based
reporting.

BOOKKEEPING
I am not sure what you are referring to by the question, "Bookkeeping
procedures to record actual expenses?"  Please expand.

INVESTOR INPUT
We are glad to have the investor's input on design and materials.  As always
the question will be who has final say if there is disagreement, but in my
experience I have always been able to reach consensus. As you, and I presume
Keith, want to be involved to learn as much as possible we would make every
effort to be accommodating.

CREEKSIDE PROCEEDURES
CB procedures for dealing with subs, vendors and professionals is not as
formal as your question indicates.  In the EXTREMELY tight labor market
obtaining 3 bids for each labor trade is not feasible.  For the professional
subs we use those with whom we have developed a previous rapport.  Finally,
for vendors they are constantly shopped.

PRE-SELECTED PROFESSIONALS, SUBS AND VENDORS
Yes there are many different subs that have been identified and I can
provide these if you are interested.

I know I have not answered everything, but this is a starting point.  Call
when you have reviewed and we can discuss further.

Sincerely,

George Richards
President, Creekside Builders, LLC

 - winmail.dat

No can do.  
Are you in the zone?

STRUCTURE:
Typically the structure is a limited partnership with a corporate (or LLC)
general partner.  The General Partner owns 1% of the project and carries the
liability of construction.

LAND OWNERSHIP & LOANS
The property would be purchased in the name of the limited partnership and
any land loans, land improvements loans and construction loans would be in
the name of the limited partnership.  Each of the individual investors and
all of the principals in Creekside would also personally guarantee the
loans.  If the investor(s) do not sign on the loans, this generally means
that a larger amount of cash is required and the investor's share of profits
is reduced.

All loans for residential construction, that are intended for re-sale, are
full recourse loans.  If we are pursuing multifamily rental developments,
the construction loans are still full recourse but the mortgage can often be
non-recourse.

USE OF INITIAL INVESTMENT
The initial investment is used for land deposit, engineering &
architectural design, soils tests, surveys, filing fees, legal fees for
organization and condominium association formation,  and appraisals.  Unlike
many real estate investment programs, none of the funds are used for fees to
Creekside Builders, LLC.  These professional expenses will be incurred over
the estimated 6 month design and approval period.

EARLY LAND COSTS
The $4,000 per month costs listed in the cash flow as part of land cost
represent the extension fees due to the seller for up to 4 months of
extensions on closing.  As an alternative, we can close into a land loan at
probably 70% of appraised value.  With a land value equal to the purchase
price of $680,000 this would mean a land loan of $476,000 with estimated
monthly interest payments of $3,966, given a 10% annual interest rate, plus
approximately 1.25% of the loan amount for closing costs and loan fees.

EQUITY AT IMPROVEMENT LOAN
Once the site plan is approved by the City of Austin, the City will require
the development entity to post funds for fiscal improvements, referred to as
the "fiscals".  This cost represents a bond for the completion of
improvements that COA considers vital and these funds are released once the
improvements have been completed and accepted by COA.  This release will be
for 90% of the cost with the remaining 10% released one year after
completion.  Releases can be granted once every 90 days and you should
expect that the release would occur 6 months after the start of lot
improvement construction.  These fiscals are usually posted in cash or an
irrevocable letter of credit.  As such, they have to be counted as a
development cost, even though they are not spent.  Because they are not
spent no interest is charged on these funds.

The lot improvement loan is typically 75% of the appraised value of a
finished lot, which I suspect will be at least $20,000 and potentially as
high as $25,000.  This would produce a loan amount of  $15,000 on $20,000
per lot.  With estimated per lot improvement costs of $9,000, 'fiscals' at
$2,000 and the land cost at $8,000 , total improved lot cost is $19,000
which means $0 to $4,000 per lot in total equity.  The investment prior to
obtaining the improvement loan would count towards any equity requirement
provided it was for direct costs.  Thus, the additional equity for the
improvement loan would be $0-$184,000.   Even if the maximum loan would
cover all costs, it is unlikely the bank would allow reimbursement of funds
spent. The higher estimates of equity investments are shown in the
preliminary proforma to be on the safe side.  The engineer is preparing a
tentative site layout with an initial evaluation of the phasing, which can
significantly reduce the cash equity requirement.

Phasing works as follows.  If the first phase was say 40 units, the total
lot improvement cost might average $31,000 per lot.   Of this, probably
$13,000 would be for improvements and $19,000 for the land cost.  The
improvements are higher to cover large one time up front costs for design
costs, the entry road, water treatment costs, perimeter fencing and
landscaping, and so on, as well as for 100% of the land.  The land loan for
undeveloped lots would be 70% of the appraised raw lot value, which I would
estimate as $10,000 per lot for a loan value of $7,000 per lot.  Then the
loan value for each improved lot would be $15,000 per lot.  This would give
you a total loan of $992,000, total cost of $1,232,645 for equity required
of $241,000.  This was not presented in the initial analysis as the phasing
is depended on a more careful assessment by the Civil Engineer as the
separate phases must each be able to stand on its own from a utility
standpoint.

CONSTRUCTION LOANS
There are three types of  construction loans.  First, is a speculative
(spec) loan that is taken out prior to any pre-sales activity.  Second,  is
a construction loan for a pre-sold unit, but the loan remains in the
builder/developers name.  Third, is a pre-sold unit with the construction
loan in the name of the buyer.  We expect to have up to 8 spec loans to
start the project and expect all other loans to be pre-sold units with loans
in the name of the builder/developer.  We do not expect to have any
construction loans in the name of the buyers, as such loans are too
difficult to manage and please new buyers unfamiliar with the process.

Spec loans will be for 70% to 75% of value and construction loans for
pre-sold units, if the construction loan is from the mortgage lender,  will
be from 80% to 95% of value.

DISBURSEMENTS
Disbursements will be handled by the General Partner to cover current and
near term third party costs, then to necessary reserves, then to priority
payments and then to the partners per the agreement.  The General Partner
will contract with Creekside Builders, LLC to construct the units and the
fee to CB will include a construction management and overhead fee equal to
15% of the direct hard cost excluding land, financing and sales costs.
These fees are the only monies to Creekside, Larry Lewter or myself prior to
calculation of profit, except for a) direct reimbursement for partnership
expenses and b) direct payment to CB for any subcontractor costs that it has
to perform.  For example, if CB cannot find a good trim carpenter sub, or
cannot find enough trim carpenters, etc., and it decides to undertake this
function, it will charge the partnership the same fee it was able to obtain
from third parties and will disclose those cases to the partnership.
Finally, CB will receive a fee for the use of any of its equipment if it is
used in lieu of leasing equipment from others.  At present CB does not own
any significant equipment, but it is considering the purchase of a sky track
to facilitate and speed up framing, cornice, roofing and drywall spreading.

REPORTING
We are more than willing to provide reports to track expenses vs. plan.
What did you have in mind?  I would like to use some form of internet based
reporting.

BOOKKEEPING
I am not sure what you are referring to by the question, "Bookkeeping
procedures to record actual expenses?"  Please expand.

INVESTOR INPUT
We are glad to have the investor's input on design and materials.  As always
the question will be who has final say if there is disagreement, but in my
experience I have always been able to reach consensus. As you, and I presume
Keith, want to be involved to learn as much as possible we would make every
effort to be accommodating.

CREEKSIDE PROCEEDURES
CB procedures for dealing with subs, vendors and professionals is not as
formal as your question indicates.  In the EXTREMELY tight labor market
obtaining 3 bids for each labor trade is not feasible.  For the professional
subs we use those with whom we have developed a previous rapport.  Finally,
for vendors they are constantly shopped.

PRE-SELECTED PROFESSIONALS, SUBS AND VENDORS
Yes there are many different subs that have been identified and I can
provide these if you are interested.

I know I have not answered everything, but this is a starting point.  Call
when you have reviewed and we can discuss further.

Sincerely,

George Richards
President, Creekside Builders, LLC

 - winmail.dat

	Reschedule
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
Sent by: Cindy Cicchetti

Start: 10/03/2000 02:30 PM
End: 10/03/2000 03:30 PM

Description: Gas Physical/Financail Positions - Room 2537

This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 

Fletcher J Sturm/HOU/ECT
Scott Neal/HOU/ECT
Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT
Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT
Allan Severude/HOU/ECT
Scott Mills/HOU/ECT
Russ Severson/HOU/ECT

Detailed description:

	Confirmation
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
Sent by: Cindy Cicchetti

Start: 10/03/2000 02:30 PM
End: 10/03/2000 03:30 PM

Description: Gas Physical/Financail Positions - Room 2537

This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 

Fletcher J Sturm/HOU/ECT
Scott Neal/HOU/ECT
Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT
Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT
Allan Severude/HOU/ECT
Scott Mills/HOU/ECT
Russ Severson/HOU/ECT

Detailed description:

Status update:
Fletcher J Sturm -> No Response
Scott Neal -> No Response
Hunter S Shively -> No Response
Phillip K Allen -> No Response
Allan Severude -> Accepted
Scott Mills -> Accepted
Russ Severson -> No Response

	Reschedule
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
Sent by: Cindy Cicchetti

Start: 09/27/2000 02:00 PM
End: 09/27/2000 03:00 PM

Description: Gas Trading Vision Meeting - Room EB2601

This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 

Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT@ECT
Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT@ECT
Scott Mills/HOU/ECT@ECT
Allan Severude/HOU/ECT@ECT
Jeffrey C Gossett/HOU/ECT@ECT
Colleen Sullivan/HOU/ECT@ECT
Russ Severson/HOU/ECT@ECT
Jayant Krishnaswamy/HOU/ECT@ECT
Russell Long/HOU/ECT@ECT

Detailed description:

	Confirmation
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
Sent by: Cindy Cicchetti

Start: 09/27/2000 02:00 PM
End: 09/27/2000 03:00 PM

Description: Gas Trading Vision Meeting - Room EB2601

This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 

Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT@ECT
Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT@ECT
Scott Mills/HOU/ECT@ECT
Allan Severude/HOU/ECT@ECT
Jeffrey C Gossett/HOU/ECT@ECT
Colleen Sullivan/HOU/ECT@ECT
Russ Severson/HOU/ECT@ECT
Jayant Krishnaswamy/HOU/ECT@ECT
Russell Long/HOU/ECT@ECT

Detailed description:

Status update:
Phillip K Allen -> No Response
Hunter S Shively -> No Response
Scott Mills -> No Response
Allan Severude -> Accepted
Jeffrey C Gossett -> Accepted
Colleen Sullivan -> No Response
Russ Severson -> No Response
Jayant Krishnaswamy -> Accepted
Russell Long -> Accepted

	Reschedule
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
Sent by: Cindy Cicchetti

Start: 09/28/2000 01:00 PM
End: 09/28/2000 02:00 PM

Description: Gas Physical/Financail Positions - Room 2537

This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 

Fletcher J Sturm/HOU/ECT
Scott Neal/HOU/ECT
Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT
Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT
Allan Severude/HOU/ECT
Scott Mills/HOU/ECT
Russ Severson/HOU/ECT

Detailed description:

	Confirmation
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
Sent by: Cindy Cicchetti

Start: 09/28/2000 01:00 PM
End: 09/28/2000 02:00 PM

Description: Gas Physical/Financail Positions - Room 2537

This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 

Fletcher J Sturm/HOU/ECT
Scott Neal/HOU/ECT
Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT
Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT
Allan Severude/HOU/ECT
Scott Mills/HOU/ECT
Russ Severson/HOU/ECT

Detailed description:

Status update:
Fletcher J Sturm -> No Response
Scott Neal -> No Response
Hunter S Shively -> No Response
Phillip K Allen -> No Response
Allan Severude -> Accepted
Scott Mills -> Accepted
Russ Severson -> Accepted

	
	

This meeting has been moved to 4:00 on Wed. in room 2601.  I have sent a 
confirmation to each of you via Lotus Notes.  Sorry for all of the changes 
but there was a scheduling problem with a couple of people for the original 
time slot. 

Nymex expiration is during this time frame.  Please reschedule.

	Invitation
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
Sent by: Cindy Cicchetti

Start: 09/27/2000 11:30 AM
End: 09/27/2000 12:30 PM

Description: Gas Trading Vision Meeting - Room EB2556

This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 

Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT
Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT
Scott Mills/HOU/ECT
Allan Severude/HOU/ECT
Jeffrey C Gossett/HOU/ECT
Colleen Sullivan/HOU/ECT
Russ Severson/HOU/ECT
Jayant Krishnaswamy/HOU/ECT
Russell Long/HOU/ECT

Detailed description:

	
	

I have scheduled and entered on each of your calendars a meeting for the 
above referenced topic.  It will take place on Thursday, 9/28 from 3:00 - 
4:00 in Room EB2537.  

Jeff, 
?
Is the closing today?? After reviewing the  agreement?I find it isn't binding 
as far as I can determine.? It is  too vague and it doesn't sound like 
anything an attorney or title company  would?draft for a real estate 
closing--but, of course, I could be  wrong.? 
?
If this?closing is going to take place without  this agreement then there is 
no point in me  following up on this?document's validity.? 
?
I will just need to go back to my closing documents  and see what's there and 
find out where I am with that and deal with this as  best I can.
?
I guess I was expecting something that would be an  exhibit to a recordable 
document or something a little more exact, or  rather?sort of a contract.? 
This isn't either.? I tried to get a  real estate atty on the phone last 
night but he was out of pocket.? I  talked to a crim. atty friend and he said 
this is out of his area but doesn't  sound binding to him.? 
?
I will go back to mine and Phillip Allen's  transaction?and take a look at 
that but as vague and general as this is I  doubt that my signature? is even 
needed to complete this transaction.?  I am in after 12 noon if there is any 
need to contact me regarding the  closing.
?
I really do not want to hold up anything or  generate more work for myself 
and I don't want to insult or annoy anyone but  this paper really doesn't 
seem to be something required for a closing.? In  the event you do need my 
signature on something like this I would rather have  time to have it 
reviewed before I accept it.
?
Brenda
?
?

Randy,

 Can you send me a schedule of the salary and level of everyone in the 
scheduling group.  Plus your thoughts on any changes that need to be made.  
(Patti S for example)

Phillip

Let's shoot for Tuesday at 11:45.  

Greg,

 How about either next Tuesday or Thursday?

Phillip

Please cc the following distribution list with updates:

Phillip Allen (pallen@enron.com)
Mike Grigsby (mike.grigsby@enron.com)
Keith Holst (kholst@enron.com)
Monique Sanchez
Frank Ermis
John Lavorato

Thank you for your help

Phillip Allen

any morning between 10 and 11:30

Chris,

 What is the latest with PG&E?  We have been having good discussions 
regarding EOL.
 Call me when you can. X37041

Phillip

	Reschedule
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
Sent by: Cindy Cicchetti

Start: 09/28/2000 01:00 PM
End: 09/28/2000 02:00 PM

Description: Gas Physical/Financail Positions - Room 2537

This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 

Fletcher J Sturm/HOU/ECT
Scott Neal/HOU/ECT
Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT
Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT
Allan Severude/HOU/ECT
Scott Mills/HOU/ECT
Russ Severson/HOU/ECT

Detailed description:
   The meeting with Richard Burchfield/HOU/ECT was rescheduled.  

On   09/28/2000 03:00:00 PM CDT 
For   1 hour  
With:   Richard Burchfield/HOU/ECT (Chairperson)  
  Fletcher J Sturm/HOU/ECT (Invited)  
  Scott Neal/HOU/ECT (Invited)  
  Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT (Invited)  
  Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT (Invited)  
  Allan Severude/HOU/ECT (Invited)  
  Scott Mills/HOU/ECT (Invited)  
  Russ Severson/HOU/ECT (Invited)  

Gas Physical/Financail Positions - Room 2537  

	Invitation
Chairperson: Richard Burchfield
Sent by: Cindy Cicchetti

Start: 09/27/2000 01:00 PM
End: 09/27/2000 02:00 PM

Description: Gas Physical/Financail Positions - Room 2537

This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 

Fletcher J Sturm/HOU/ECT
Scott Neal/HOU/ECT
Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT
Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT
Allan Severude/HOU/ECT
Scott Mills/HOU/ECT
Russ Severson/HOU/ECT

Detailed description:

I would support Matt Lenhart's promotion to the next level.

I would oppose Ken Shulklapper's promotion.

Greg,

Happy B-day. Email me your phone # and I will call you.

Keith

Kathy,

Regarding the guest password for gas daily, can you please relay the 
information to Mike Grigsby at 37031 so he can pass it along to the user at 
gas daily today.  I will be out of the office on Friday.

thank you

Phillip

John,

 Denver's short rockies position  beyond 2002 is created by their Trailblazer 
transport.  They are unhedged 15,000/d in 2003 and 25,000/d in 2004 and 
2005.  

 They are scrubbing all their books and booking the Hubert deal on Wednesday 
and Thursday.

Phillip

George,

 Below is a list of questions that Keith and I had regarding the Westgate 
project:

 Ownership Structure

 What will be the ownership structure? Limited partnership? General partner?

 What are all the legal entities that will be involved and in what 
capacity(regarding ownership and 
 liabilities)?

 Who owns the land? improvements?

 Who holds the various loans?

 Is the land collateral?

 Investment
 
 What happens to initial investment?

 Is it used to purchase land for cash?Secure future loans?
 
 Why is the land cost spread out on the cash flow statement?

 When is the 700,000 actually needed? Now or for the land closing? Investment 
schedule?

 Investment Return

 Is Equity Repayment the return of the original investment?

 Is the plan to wait until the last unit is sold and closed before profits 
are distributed?

 Debt

 Which entity is the borrower for each loan and what recourse or collateral 
is associated with each 
 loan?

 Improvement

 Construction

 Are these the only two loans?  Looks like it from the cash flow statement.

 Terms of each loan?

 Uses of Funds

 How will disbursements be made?  By whom?

 What type of bank account?  Controls on max disbursement? Internet viewing 
for investors?

 Reports to track expenses vs plan?

 Bookkeeping procedures to record actual expenses?

 What is the relationship of Creekside Builders to the project?  Do you get 
paid a markup on subcontractors as a 
 general contractor and paid gain out of profits?

 Do you or Larry receive any money in the form of salary or personal expenses 
before the ultimate payout of profits?

 Design and Construction
 
 When will design be complete?

 What input will investors have in selecting design and materials for units?

 What level of investor involvement will be possible during construction 
planning and permitting?

 Does Creekside have specific procedures for dealing with subcontractors, 
vendors, and other professionals? 
 Such as always getting 3 bids, payment schedules, or reference checking?

 Are there any specific companies or individuals that you already plan to 
use? Names?

These questions are probably very basic to you, but as a first time investor 
in a project like this it is new to me.  Also, I want to learn as
much as possible from the process.

Phillip

 
 

 

  

 

Enclosed is the preliminary proforma for the Westgate property is Austin
that we told you about.  As you can tell from the proforma this project
should produce a truly exceptional return of over 40% per year over 3 years.
This is especially attractive when the project is in a market as strong as
Austin and we are introducing new product that in a very low price range for
this market.  This is the best project in terms of risk and reward that we
have uncovered to date in the Austin market.
The project does have approved zoning and will only require a site plan.  As
it is in the "Smart Growth Corridor" area designated by the City of Austin
for preferred development, this will be fast tracked and should be complete
in less than 6 months.  Additionally, many of the current and more severe
water treatment ordinances have been waived.  I have estimated the lot
improvement costs based on a 28 lot development we investigated in North
Austin, which included a detention/retention and filtration pond and street
widening.  Even though this property is not likely to require street
widening and will have less of a detention/retention and filtration pond
requirement, I used this data to be cautious.
 The Lone Star gas line easement in the lower portion of the property is not
expected to impact sales significantly.  Other projects have been quite
successful with identical relationships to this pipeline, such as the
adjoining single family residential and a project at St. Edwards University.
As with most infill projects, the quality of the surrounding neighborhoods
is uneven.  We have included a fence around the entire property, but may
only put it on Westgate and Cameron Loop.  Gated communities are far
preferred so this is a good idea for both screening and current buyer
preferences.
The seller accepted our offer Thursday evening with a price of $680,000 and
an extended escrow.  This will enable us to probably obtain an approved site
plan before closing on the contract, which will mean that we can close into
an A&D Loan rather than into a land loan and then an improvement loan.
This analysis shows your investment at $700,000 for a 50% interest in the
profits of the project.  As we discussed in San Marcos, we can also discuss
having you invest only in the lots, sell the lots to the construction entity
with your profit in the lot.  I believe this would facilitate the use of a
1031 Exchange of the proceeds from this deal into another project that is a
rental deal or at least into the land for a rental project that would then
be the equity for that project.  You would need to discuss this with an
exchange expert first.  Larry Lewter knows an expert in the field in San
Antonio if you do not know anyone.
I will send you a package on the property that was prepared by the broker,
by Airborne Express today for Saturday delivery.
Once you have read the package and reviewed this proforma, we would want to
schedule a tour of the site and the area.  Please get back to me as soon as
your schedule permits regarding the site visit and feel free to call at any
time.  You can reach me over the weekend and in the evening at either
512-338-1119 or 512-338-1110.  My cell phone is 512-748-7495 and the fax is
512-338-1103.   I look forward to hearing from you and to working with you
on this project that is sure to be a major winner.
I regret that it took so long to get back to you, but we had some unusual
events these past few weeks.  A small freakish wind storm with severe 60+mpg
downdrafts hit the South part of Austin where we are building 10 town homes.
One of these units had just had the roof decked with the siding scheduled to
start the next day.  The severe downdraft hitting the decked roof was enough
to knock it down.  The City shut down the project for a week and it took
another week to get every thing back on tract.  Then last week I had to take
my wife  to emergency.  She has a bulge in the material between the vertebra
in her spine and it causes her extreme pain and has kept her bedridden this
past week..  There is nothing like having your wife incapacitated to realize
the enormous number of things she does everyday.   Fortunately, it looks as
if she will be ok in the long run.
George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC

 - Westgate Proforma-Phillip Allen.xls

George,

 Here sales numbers from Reagan:

 
 

 As you can see his units sold at a variety of prices per square foot.  The 
1308/1308 model seems to have the most data and looks most similiar to the 
units you are selling.  At  2.7 MM, my bid is .70/sf higher than his units 
under construction.  I am having a hard time justifying paying much more with 
competition on the way.  The price I am bidding is higher than any deals 
actually done to date.   

 Let me know what you think.  I will follow up with an email and phone call 
about Cherry Creek.  I am sure Deborah Yates let you know that the bid was 
rejected on the De Ville property.

Phillip Allen
 
 

  

Jeff,

 What is up with Burnet?

Phillip

Jeff,

 I need to see the site plan for Burnet.  Remember I must get written 
approval from Brenda Key Stone before I can sell this property and she has 
concerns about the way the property will be subdivided.    I would also like 
to review the closing statements as soon as possible.

Phillip

Lucy,

I want to have an accurate rent roll as soon as possible. I faxed you a copy 
of this file.  You can fill in on the computer or just write in the correct 
amounts and I will input.

Brenda,

 I checked my records and I mailed check #1178 for the normal amount on 
August 28th.  I mailed it to 4303 Pate Rd. #29, College Station, TX 77845.  I 
will go ahead and mail you another check.  If the first one shows up you can 
treat the 2nd as payment for October.

 I know your concerns about the site plan.  I will not proceed without 
getting the details and getting your approval.

 I will find that amortization schedule and send it soon.

Phillip

please remove my name and information from the registered user list.  Do not 
sell my information.

Phillip Allen

Lucy,

You wrote fewer checks this month.  Spent more money on Materials and less on 
Labor.

   June  July  August

Total Materials  2929  4085  4801

Services  53  581  464

Labor   3187  3428  2770

Here are my questions on the August bank statement (attached):

1.  Check 1406  Walmart    Description and unit?

2.  Check 1410  Crumps     Detail description and unit?

3.  Check 1411  Lucy      What is this?

4.  Check 1415  Papes      Detail description and units?

5.  Checks 1416, 1417, and 1425  Why overtime?

6.  Check 1428    Ralph's   What unit?

7.  Check 1438    Walmart?    Description and unit?  

Try and pull together the support for these items and get back to me.

Phillip

Michael Etringer

09/11/2000 02:32 PM

Phillip,
Attached is the list.  Have your people fill in the columns highlighted in 
yellow.  As best can we will try not to overlap on accounts. 

Thanks, Mike

http://www.hearme.com/vc2/?chnlOwnr=pallen@enron.com

Enclosed is the preliminary proforma for the Westgate property is Austin
that we told you about.  As you can tell from the proforma this project
should produce a truly exceptional return of over 40% per year over 3 years.
This is especially attractive when the project is in a market as strong as
Austin and we are introducing new product that in a very low price range for
this market.  This is the best project in terms of risk and reward that we
have uncovered to date in the Austin market.
The project does have approved zoning and will only require a site plan.  As
it is in the "Smart Growth Corridor" area designated by the City of Austin
for preferred development, this will be fast tracked and should be complete
in less than 6 months.  Additionally, many of the current and more severe
water treatment ordinances have been waived.  I have estimated the lot
improvement costs based on a 28 lot development we investigated in North
Austin, which included a detention/retention and filtration pond and street
widening.  Even though this property is not likely to require street
widening and will have less of a detention/retention and filtration pond
requirement, I used this data to be cautious.
 The Lone Star gas line easement in the lower portion of the property is not
expected to impact sales significantly.  Other projects have been quite
successful with identical relationships to this pipeline, such as the
adjoining single family residential and a project at St. Edwards University.
As with most infill projects, the quality of the surrounding neighborhoods
is uneven.  We have included a fence around the entire property, but may
only put it on Westgate and Cameron Loop.  Gated communities are far
preferred so this is a good idea for both screening and current buyer
preferences.
The seller accepted our offer Thursday evening with a price of $680,000 and
an extended escrow.  This will enable us to probably obtain an approved site
plan before closing on the contract, which will mean that we can close into
an A&D Loan rather than into a land loan and then an improvement loan.
This analysis shows your investment at $700,000 for a 50% interest in the
profits of the project.  As we discussed in San Marcos, we can also discuss
having you invest only in the lots, sell the lots to the construction entity
with your profit in the lot.  I believe this would facilitate the use of a
1031 Exchange of the proceeds from this deal into another project that is a
rental deal or at least into the land for a rental project that would then
be the equity for that project.  You would need to discuss this with an
exchange expert first.  Larry Lewter knows an expert in the field in San
Antonio if you do not know anyone.
I will send you a package on the property that was prepared by the broker,
by Airborne Express today for Saturday delivery.
Once you have read the package and reviewed this proforma, we would want to
schedule a tour of the site and the area.  Please get back to me as soon as
your schedule permits regarding the site visit and feel free to call at any
time.  You can reach me over the weekend and in the evening at either
512-338-1119 or 512-338-1110.  My cell phone is 512-748-7495 and the fax is
512-338-1103.   I look forward to hearing from you and to working with you
on this project that is sure to be a major winner.
I regret that it took so long to get back to you, but we had some unusual
events these past few weeks.  A small freakish wind storm with severe 60+mpg
downdrafts hit the South part of Austin where we are building 10 town homes.
One of these units had just had the roof decked with the siding scheduled to
start the next day.  The severe downdraft hitting the decked roof was enough
to knock it down.  The City shut down the project for a week and it took
another week to get every thing back on tract.  Then last week I had to take
my wife  to emergency.  She has a bulge in the material between the vertebra
in her spine and it causes her extreme pain and has kept her bedridden this
past week..  There is nothing like having your wife incapacitated to realize
the enormous number of things she does everyday.   Fortunately, it looks as
if she will be ok in the long run.
George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC

 - Westgate Proforma-Phillip Allen.xls

Jeff,

 I received the rent roll.  I am going to be in San Marcos this weekend but I 
am booked with stage coach.  I will drive by Friday evening.
 I will let you know next week if I need to see the inside.  Can you find out 
when Chelsea Villa last changed hands and for what price?

 What about getting a look at the site plans for the Burnet deal.  Remember 
we have to get Brenda happy.

Phillip

  9/8  9/7  diff

Socal  36,600  37,200  -600

NWPL  -51,000  -51,250  250

San Juan -32,500  -32,000  -500

The reason the benchmark report shows net selling San Juan is that the 
transport positions were rolled in on 9/8.  This added 800 shorts to San Juan 
and 200 longs to Socal.  Before this adjustment we bought 300 San Juan and 
sold 800 Socal.
 

why is aeco basis so low on the list?  Is NWPL mapped differently than AECO?  
What about the correlation to Nymex on AECO?

Jeff,

 You would clearly receive a commission on a deal on the sagewood. 

  I am surprised by your request for payment on any type of project in which  
I might become involved with Creekside.  Are you in the business of brokering 
properties or contacts?  Is your position based on a legal or what you 
perceive to be an ethical issue?  Did you propose we look at developing a 
project from scratch?

 I am not prepared to pay more than 2.7 for sagewood yet.  

Phillip

I was aware that Regan Lehman, the lot developer for the entire 70 lot
duplex project, was selling his units in the $180's,  He does have a much
lower basis in the lots than anyone else, but the prime differences are due
to a) he is selling them during construction and b) they are smaller units.
We do not know the exact size of each of his units, but we believe one of
the duplexes is a 1164/1302 sq ft. plan.  This would produce an average sq
footage of 1233, which would be $73.80 psf at $182,000.  (I thought his
sales price was $187,000.)  At this price psf our 1,376 sf unit would sell
for $203,108.
What is more important, in my view, is a) the rental rate and b) the
rent-ability.  You have all of our current rental and cost data for your own
evaluation.  As for rent-ability, I believe that we have shown that the
3-bedroom, 3.5 bath is strongly preferred in this market.    In fact, if we
were able to purchase additional lots from Regan we would build 4 bedroom
units along with the 3-bedroom plan.
Phillip, I will call you today to go over this more thoroughly.
Sincerely,
George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC

Enclosed is the preliminary proforma for the Westgate property is Austin
that we told you about.  As you can tell from the proforma this project
should produce a truly exceptional return of over 40% per year over 3 years.
This is especially attractive when the project is in a market as strong as
Austin and we are introducing new product that in a very low price range for
this market.  This is the best project in terms of risk and reward that we
have uncovered to date in the Austin market.
The project does have approved zoning and will only require a site plan.  As
it is in the "Smart Growth Corridor" area designated by the City of Austin
for preferred development, this will be fast tracked and should be complete
in less than 6 months.  Additionally, many of the current and more severe
water treatment ordinances have been waived.  I have estimated the lot
improvement costs based on a 28 lot development we investigated in North
Austin, which included a detention/retention and filtration pond and street
widening.  Even though this property is not likely to require street
widening and will have less of a detention/retention and filtration pond
requirement, I used this data to be cautious.
 The Lone Star gas line easement in the lower portion of the property is not
expected to impact sales significantly.  Other projects have been quite
successful with identical relationships to this pipeline, such as the
adjoining single family residential and a project at St. Edwards University.
As with most infill projects, the quality of the surrounding neighborhoods
is uneven.  We have included a fence around the entire property, but may
only put it on Westgate and Cameron Loop.  Gated communities are far
preferred so this is a good idea for both screening and current buyer
preferences.
The seller accepted our offer Thursday evening with a price of $680,000 and
an extended escrow.  This will enable us to probably obtain an approved site
plan before closing on the contract, which will mean that we can close into
an A&D Loan rather than into a land loan and then an improvement loan.
This analysis shows your investment at $700,000 for a 50% interest in the
profits of the project.  As we discussed in San Marcos, we can also discuss
having you invest only in the lots, sell the lots to the construction entity
with your profit in the lot.  I believe this would facilitate the use of a
1031 Exchange of the proceeds from this deal into another project that is a
rental deal or at least into the land for a rental project that would then
be the equity for that project.  You would need to discuss this with an
exchange expert first.  Larry Lewter knows an expert in the field in San
Antonio if you do not know anyone.
I will send you a package on the property that was prepared by the broker,
by Airborne Express today for Saturday delivery.
Once you have read the package and reviewed this proforma, we would want to
schedule a tour of the site and the area.  Please get back to me as soon as
your schedule permits regarding the site visit and feel free to call at any
time.  You can reach me over the weekend and in the evening at either
512-338-1119 or 512-338-1110.  My cell phone is 512-748-7495 and the fax is
512-338-1103.   I look forward to hearing from you and to working with you
on this project that is sure to be a major winner.
I regret that it took so long to get back to you, but we had some unusual
events these past few weeks.  A small freakish wind storm with severe 60+mpg
downdrafts hit the South part of Austin where we are building 10 town homes.
One of these units had just had the roof decked with the siding scheduled to
start the next day.  The severe downdraft hitting the decked roof was enough
to knock it down.  The City shut down the project for a week and it took
another week to get every thing back on tract.  Then last week I had to take
my wife  to emergency.  She has a bulge in the material between the vertebra
in her spine and it causes her extreme pain and has kept her bedridden this
past week..  There is nothing like having your wife incapacitated to realize
the enormous number of things she does everyday.   Fortunately, it looks as
if she will be ok in the long run.
George W. Richards
Creekside Builders, LLC

 - Westgate Proforma-Phillip Allen.xls

Jeff, 

Can you resend the info on the three properties you mailed and the one you faxed on Tuesday.  I was out of the office last week.

Phillip

Phillip,

I am waiting to get info. on two more properties in San Antonio. The broker
will be faxing info. on Monday.  One is 74 units for $1,900,000, and the
other is 24 units for $550,000.

Also, I have mailed you info. on three other properties in addition to the
100 unit property that I faxed this AM.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
9400 Circle Drive
Austin, TX  78736
512-394-0908 office
512-394-0913 fax
512-751-9728 mobile
jsmith@austintx.com

This file contains graphs illustrating volumes by tenor by product type on a quarterly basis since Q499.  For example, daily volume for Natural Gas Financial Swaps during this quarter has been 25 BCF(25,000 contracts) for 1 month trades, 20 BCF (20,000 contracts) for greater than 1 month trades, and 50 BCF (5,000 contracts) for less than 1 month trades.  

Please call with questions.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

 

please send me their resumes

All,

We currently have 7 associates and 2 analysts yet to place in ENA.   These A&A are new hires and will be joining Enron in August.    Please advise me if you would like to see these resumes today.

Rgds,

Karen.
x54667

Karen,

Can you tell me when Matt Smith and Jason Wolfe are scheduled to move to new rotations?  Also what are their next assignments.  I would like to move Matt Smith into an assistant trading rotation and have Jason move in to Matt's current rotation in the fundamentals group.

Phillip

Greg,

I typed up this resume from scratch in 10 minutes.  Will it do?  If you work for the same company for 8 years your resume tends to get dusty.
Let me know if I need to beef it up or if I need to include any financial information.

I wanted you to review it before I sent it to Montez.  If it is ok please forward to Montez.

 

Jeanie,

Please change Janie Tholt's ranking to a 3.

Jeff,

I don't understand what you want me to do with this letter.  Regarding the utilities,  you and I know that I have had the right to shut off the utilities to a property I don't own for sometime now.  I did not do that because I wanted to stay on good terms with the Kuo's while negotiating the release.  I had the utilities taken out of my name yesterday.  The city of seguin informs me that the meters were read yesterday and the final bill will be mailed to me next week.  Then I can compute the amount that the Kuo's owe me for utilities and send them a check for the rock repairs.  Please let Pauline know that she needs to go down to the city and take care of the deposit by Friday or the power may be disconnected.  The utilities are already in her name.

In my mind the utilities were never a bargaining chip.  Rather, you and I are paying the $11,000 in exchange for the release.  Regarding the transfer of ownership into a limited partnership, I will most likely be agreeable to this but I want to review all the loan documents with Jacques and ensure that there is still a personal guarantee on the two notes.  I expect to have that done by Friday.

I would like for her to sign the release today, but if she won't sign until I consent to the limited partnership then the release will have to wait until Friday.  As far as the utilities go,  I made the transfer for two reasons: 1) I need to know the amount that I have paid to net against the $11,000 and 2) I had the right to take the utilities out of my name and I didn't want the balance to get out of hand.

I will call you when I am comfortable consenting to the limited partnership.

Phillip

I spoke with Pauline and she says she is ready to transfer the utilities.
However, she wants to get your signed permission to transfer their ownership
interests to the J&P Kuo, Ltd. for purposes of paying back the two notes.
(per her attorneys advice).  She is ready to sign the settlement, but she
has not been able to talk to her lawyer who is tied up in court.

I have attached a Word file with the a letter to them which authorizes the
transfer.  If it is acceptable please sign and fax to her directly at
830-372-5400.  Please fax to me also.

Thanks.

Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
2714 Bee Cave Road, Suite 100-D
Austin, Texas  78746
512-732-0009
512-732-0010 fax
512-751-9728 mobile

 - stagecoach settlement letter to kuo.doc << File: stagecoach settlement letter to kuo.doc >> 

Faith,

Two changes need to be made to the list.  First, Jason Wolfe is a trading track analyst on the west desk.  Second,  Matt Lenhart should be an Associate as his duties and responsibilities are identical to Monique S, Jay R., and Randy G.  I don't know if this change can be made administatively or if I need to bring this up during PRC.  Please let me know.

Phillip

John Lavarato has requested the attached report. He is still a bit concerned about the proper classification of employees within the various titles. If you would, please review this list of employees and advise me of any changes by the end of day tomorrow, if possible. If you have any questions, please contact me at x30352.

 << File: May 2001 NG-West.xls >> 

Jeff,

Here is a short letter that indicates I will give consent contingent to the items we discussed.  I didn't make any reference to why I took the utilities out of my name.
I left that for you to explain to her that we need to have a cutoff date so we can calculate the final amount.  I hope you can make her understand that I have not been obligated to keep these in my name for some time.  Since my attorney is out of town until Monday and I doubt that she has all the documents in place to actually place the property in a limited partnership (certainly not the 1st lienholders consent) we will have to work together next week.  

If you want to modify this letter let me know.  I am also faxing you a sign copy.

 

Phillip

Thanks for the update on the foundation design.  The clubhouse floorplan looks good.  

We talked to Bob Braden about designing the foundations using the geottech
information that we was done previously so as not to delay the permitting
process. He said that he would do a preliminary design for permitting only
and as soon as he gets the new geotech information showing the actual
borings where the buildings are actually going to go, he will revise his
foundation designs. He is in the process of sending us a revised proposal
showing the additional costs to do this extra designing. Any questions,
please call me. Thanks.

Sabas Flores

Carlos,

Can you help me with several 1031 exchange questions?  I spoke to your office and they thought it best that I address my questions to you directly.  

Here is my situation.  I purchased a 32 acre tract in Leander about 8 months ago.  I have a contract to sell the property which should close around July 18th.  

I expect to realize a gain of around $400,000.  See calculations below:

Sales price:		2,100,000
Purchase price		1,200,000
Fees&Devel costs	  500,000

Profit			 400,000

The cash generated at the sale will be close to $1 million after repayment of a loan.

I am interested in protecting this gain through a 1031 exchange.

I am already involved in a couple of other real estate transactions that might qualify. 

 First, there is a 10 acre tract that was purchased by Bishops Corner, Ltd for $1.15 million six months ago.  I lent the partnership the cash to buy the land with the intent of working with the developer to build a multifamily project.  We could not come to terms for the development, so the partnership was conveyed to me.  The loan still exist.  I am an 80% limited partner.  Another investor is the other limited partner.  We have set up a Corporation to be the general partner.  We intend to develop the property. Is there a creative way to use the land purchase in a 1031 exchange?

Second,  I have a small tract in New Braunfels under contract for $400,000.  I am applying for FHA financing for a 180 unit apartment complex and hope to receive an invitation letter prior to closing.  I would need to place this property in a limited partnership eventually, but is there a way to buy the property hold it in my name long enough to satisfy the IRS then move it to a LP.

If neither of these deals qualify, I would still like to find another piece of property.  My two biggest concerns are tying up too much cash and holding property in my own name.  Is there a way to insure during the 1st year then move a different entity?

Thank you in advance for your help.

Phillip Allen	
8855 Merlin Ct
Houston, TX 77055
pallen70@hotmail.com
wk 713-853-7041
hm 713-463-8626

Jen,

Can you send copies of all the california power contracts to me?  

Thank you,

Phillip
x37041

This file contains graphs illustrating volumes by tenor by product type on a quarterly basis since Q499.  For example, daily volume for Natural Gas Financial Swaps during this quarter has been  25 BCF(25,000 contracts) for 1 month trades, 20 BCF (20,000 contracts) for greater than 1 month trades, and 50 BCF (5,000 contracts) for less than 1 month trades.  

Please call with questions.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

 

Jeff,

I understand you spoke to Jacques Craig about the consent and assignment documents.  Maybe the attorneys can work this out faster than we have.  

I spoke to the city this morning and the final bills are to be mailed out today.  So I should have an amount on Wednesday.  I will email and fax the amount and the supporting bills as soon as possible.  Maybe we can close out the release this week and consent to the assignment pending 1st lien holder approval.

I have a favor to ask you.  I received the check from Pauline that was due May 20th.  However, I have misplaced it.  Can you ask her to put a stop on her 1st check and send me another (net of any costs for the stop payment).   If you would prefer for me to call her myself, I will.  It seems that communicating through you is working well. 

Thanks for all your help.

Phillip

I will send checks directly to the vendor for any bills pre 4/20.  I will fax you copies.  I will also try and get the payphone transferred.

I spoke with Pauline again this AM.  She chewed me out about the utility
transfer again.  She was mad about not being told about the transfer before
it happened.  I wasn't sure about the exact date so by the time I told her;
it had already been done.  She would have been pissed either way.

There are two additional items involving the sale that she is requesting.

1.  She wants to transfer the pay phone account
2.  She wants reimbursement for the bills that I am faxing to you.

I will talk to her again about the check that she sent.

We need to work on getting the pay phone transfer, and the small outstanding
bills.  Let me know what I can do to help.

Jeff

John,

Two items:

1.  I spoke to John McKay about Sumas.  His views seem well thought out.  He is short the summer due to the prospect of another 200,000+/day of supply coming back by July 1st.  See attached spreadsheet.  In order to displace Aeco gas coming down to Kingsgate his target for Sumas value is AECO -0.10.  But since his forecast for Aeco is that they will have 30 BCF left in storage at the end of March and current cash is trading down 0.70 or wider versus a rest of summer curve around down 0.50, he is expecting the AECO curve to widen to down 0.85.  Therefore, his ultimate target for Sumas is down 0.95 versus the current market of down 0.40
	His winter Sumas shorts are based on his analysis of total supply capacity versus peak demand. See attached spreadsheet.  Sumas still commands the premium of an isolated market during the winter but the supply numbers don't  support that premium.
	In conclusion, I think I will sell some more summer sumas for my book.

 
2.  I will stay after the meeting to talk about Mike G's issues.

	

Is there any chance that the request to gather data on financial trades is implemented?  Our understanding was that the commission had no jurisdiction over financial markets.
El Paso Merchant filed comments yesterday in the Reporting Requirements docket.  They did not argue against the collection of the new proposed data, but rather argued that the Commission needed to add to the information to be gathered to include financial market data.  El Paso states that the financial market is believed to be ten times as large as the physical market.  El Paso suggests the following information be collected:
the name of the counter party to the financial trade
the quantitiy of gas underlying the financial trade
all the pricing terms of the trade stated in price per MMBtu
the time period of the trade, including starting and ending dates
the date on which the deal was entered into
the type of trade

El Paso Merchant also argues for confidential treatment and a sunset date for the collection of the data (tied to when EIA finds supply and demand in California in balance.)

I have a fax of the comments, but do not yet have them electronically.  Let me know if you want a copy faxed.

jeff,

Is the problem that the energy DWR purchased is above market and not needed by CORE  or  just above market.  If the energy is needed by CORE wouldn't the deals just be blended in as costs like utility gen and QF supply?  If the energy is not needed now could the state sell back the excess then compute the exact loss and put a surcharge on rates for all or some customers that recoup that amount over time.  Once again there would be a CTC type recovery period but there would not be the risk that the market price must stay below a fixed price for the stranded costs to be recovered.  

Phillip
PLEASE KEEP THIS NOTE, AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE NOTE CONFIDENTIAL.

As folks are aware, we have been engaged in closed-door negotiations for the past two weeks regarding a possible market-based solution to California's electricity crisis.
In the room are the major large customer groups, environmentalists, small customers (TURN), Independent Energy Producers, labor, the Western States Petroleum Association, and Enron.
The negotiations were convened by the Speaker of the Assembly (Bob Hertzberg).
When Hertzberg convened the meeting, he told the parties that he wanted to achieve a core/noncore structure, similar to the structure in place in California's gas market (i.e., large customers are required to buy gas from the market, with Direct Access available to all other customers).
In effect, "core" customers (rez and small business) would be served by the utilities' retained generating assets and QF contracts; and large customers would go to market.  
The core/noncore structure would begin 1.1.03.
The negotiating group has struggled over the past two weeks, but is close devising a framework for core/noncore in Californis (but who pays for the utilities' past debts and the costs of DWR power purchased between January and today remain very contentious).
Unfortunately, with the release of the information regarding the DWR contracts last Friday, it is now clear that achieving a core/noncore structure will be very difficult unless something is done to mitigate the contracts.
The problem is that, if core is served by utility gen and QFs, and large customers are in the market, there is no (or very little) need for the DWR contracts.  Instead, they look like a signficant stranded cost.
Hertzberg and the negotiating group are looking to Enron for creative ways to address "the DWR contract problem" in order to prevent the contracts from 1) killing the core/noncore deal and 2) forcing California to accept a structure focused on a state power authority headed-up by David Freeman that does not include Direct Access.
Christian Yoder and Steve Hall are reviewing the contracts to analyze any "out clauses" that the buyer and/or the seller might have under the contract provisions.  (My cursory review of the contracts suggests that "outs" for the state are minimal or nonexistent.)
In addition, we've started batting around ideas about how the State might reform the contracts.
All this said, want to let everyone know that we have made it extremely clear that Enron fundamentally opposes any and all attempts to unilaterally abrogate anyone's contract rights.

We'd like to have a quick call tomorrow (30-60 minutes) to brainstorm some options that we can offer Hertzberg to handle the contracts and keep the core/noncore solution alive.  We'd like to try to have the the call at 1 PM PDT.  Please let me know if this works for you, and if it doesn't, please let me know if there's a time after 1 PM PDT that works for you.

Thanks,
Jeff

See  Attachement
 - Phillip & Kieth Lender decision 6.19.01.doc 

David,

This note is to give you my feedback on Jeanie Slone.  

She has been extremely helpful with all personnel issues during the last six months.  Without exception she has satisfied any request I have made of her.  She has done an excellent job dealing with performance reviews (both good and bad), salary, and title issues.  

Phillip

THE MEETING TIME HAS BEEN CHANGED!!!!

PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDAR
Date:			Every Thursday
Time: 			7:30 AM Pacific, 9:30 AM Central, and 10:30 AM Eastern time
 Number: 		1-888-271-0949 
 Host Code:		661877 (for Ray only)
 Participant Code:	936022 (for everyone else)

 
Ray Alvarez
05/31/2001 11:54 AM
PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDAR
Date:			Every Thursday
Time: 			1:00 pm Pacific, 3:00 pm Central, and 4:00 pm Eastern time,
 Number: 		1-888-271-0949 
 Host Code:		661877 (for Ray only)
 Participant Code:	936022 (for everyone else)

The table of the on-going FERC issues and proceedings will be updated for use on today's conference call, and distributed by Bernadette Hawkins.  It is available to all team members on the O drive. Please feel free to revise/add to/ update this table as appropriate.

Proposed agenda for today:

FERC Order of May 25 clarifying the April 26 Order re market monitoring and price mitigation.

ISO de-rating of ATC complaint- status (item 20)

EPSA intervention and protest re CAISO compliance filing and proposed tariff amendment  (item 32)

EPSA rehearing request of FERC market monitoring and mitigation order in EL00-95-12 (item 9d)

Miscellaneous information items:

CA legislators' suit against FERC.

 RTO conference is to be planned and held by FERC in the near future.

Please feel free to communicate to the group any additional agenda items you may have.

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Bernadette,

Will you be sending out an agenda before COB today?  I'd like to have a look before tomorrow morning if possible.

Thanks,

Dave

06/20/2001 09:59 AM
Bernadette Hawkins@ENRON
Bernadette Hawkins@ENRON
Bernadette Hawkins@ENRON
06/20/2001 09:59 AM
06/20/2001 09:59 AM
THE MEETING TIME HAS BEEN CHANGED!!!!

PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDAR
Date:			Every Thursday
Time: 			7:30 AM Pacific, 9:30 AM Central, and 10:30 AM Eastern time
 Number: 		1-888-271-0949 
 Host Code:		661877 (for Ray only)
 Participant Code:	936022 (for everyone else)

 
Ray Alvarez
05/31/2001 11:54 AM
PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDAR
Date:			Every Thursday
Time: 			1:00 pm Pacific, 3:00 pm Central, and 4:00 pm Eastern time,
 Number: 		1-888-271-0949 
 Host Code:		661877 (for Ray only)
 Participant Code:	936022 (for everyone else)

The table of the on-going FERC issues and proceedings will be updated for use on today's conference call, and distributed by Bernadette Hawkins.  It is available to all team members on the O drive. Please feel free to revise/add to/ update this table as appropriate.

Proposed agenda for today:

FERC Order of May 25 clarifying the April 26 Order re market monitoring and price mitigation.

ISO de-rating of ATC complaint- status (item 20)

EPSA intervention and protest re CAISO compliance filing and proposed tariff amendment  (item 32)

EPSA rehearing request of FERC market monitoring and mitigation order in EL00-95-12 (item 9d)

Miscellaneous information items:

CA legislators' suit against FERC.

 RTO conference is to be planned and held by FERC in the near future.

Please feel free to communicate to the group any additional agenda items you may have.

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

the hr needs of the gas trading floor

Thanks. Appreciate feedback. If she had to work on one thing what would it be?

David

David,

This note is to give you my feedback on Jeanie Slone.  

She has been extremely helpful with all personnel issues during the last six months.  Without exception she has satisfied any request I have made of her.  She has done an excellent job dealing with performance reviews (both good and bad), salary, and title issues.  

Phillip

This file contains graphs illustrating volumes by tenor by product type on a quarterly basis since Q499.  For example, daily volume for Natural Gas Financial Swaps during this quarter has been  25 BCF(25,000 contracts) for 1 month trades, 20 BCF (20,000 contracts) for greater than 1 month trades, and 50 BCF (5,000 contracts) for less than 1 month trades.  

Please call with questions.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

 

This is the notice that the June 2001 release of NEWGen is available on the
web site www.rdionline.com.  You are receiving this e-mail because you have
been given access to NEWGen through this web site.  If you do not want to
receive this email, please send a note saying unsubscribe me to
newgen@ftenergy.com.

NEWGen Staff

Please keep me on your list.  

I've noticed that you are deleting a lot of the messages without reading them.  I can take you off my master list if you'd like.

Jeff,

Here is the recap of the utilities I have paid since closing.  I am going to send the original utility bills to the Kuo's.

 

jacques,

I have attached a summary of the utilities I paid since the 4/20 closing.  The total is $7,328.87.  Do you need to incorporate this number is the release  or can I just net this amount against the $11,000 and pay them the difference.  Do they have an executable copy of the release?  I would like to settle up on the repairs, utilities, and the release now.  I don't want these issues to get bogged down with the 1st lienholders approval of any assignments.

 

Phillip

Becky,

How about Wednesday morning at 10:30 am?

Phillip

Phillip -- Would you have some time Wednesday afternoon to meet with Leslie Lawner and me (and Donna Fulton in the D.C. office by phone) to discuss what we could be doing for you at FERC in the next few months?

 
James D Steffes@ENRON
06/24/2001 09:56 AM
Following up on Alan's comment to Phillip --

I've asked the RTO heads to think about 6 month and 18 month "plans".  What about something like this for gas?

Jim

Per last week's call, I am circulating updated FERC staff talking points to the entire Western Wholesale group.  This version of the talking points incorporates comments from Steffes, Walton, and Perrino.

Phillip Allen: people on the call were wondering if there are any informal messages the West gas desk would like to relay to FERC staff. Notes, however, that ex parte contacts such as these generally must avoid issues that are being currently litigated by the FERC.

 << File: FERC Western Message Points 062301.doc >> 

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Would we have interest in any storage capacity in the proposed facility?

Phillip:
I believe this is a facility that the West Desk may be interested in. 
	Thanks,  Jim

Jim, 

Following up on the message I left you, I thought I'd send you some of the basic information on the Crossroads project to see if you have any interest in that area:

The facility will be a high flexibility, bedded salt cavern
Initial startup is expected in summer 2002 with 2 bcf working gas, eventual rampup to 3 bcf 
75 MMCF/D injection (at 2 bcf working)
200 MMCF/D withdrawal (at 2 bcf working)
Located near Brush, Colorado, in Morgan County.
Located at far east end of PSCo system, 7 miles from CIG and 10 miles from Kinder Morgan

This is all the information I have at the moment, in addition to some maps which you are welcomed to look at.  Garry Wilson and I will be meeting with the developer in Denver on Monday, but he'd like to see if we have interest sooner than that.  I apologize for the last-minute nature of the request, but we were just hoping for an initial gauge of your interest.  

Do you have any use for this capacity?  If so, at what price?  What would your timing requirements be?  Would you have any other conditions that would increase interest in this capacity?

Thanks for your attention.  Please feel free to call me if you have any questions, I'll try following up with you tomorrow if you ahve any free time.  Thanks!

Eva Rainer
Storage Products Group
713-853-9679

 

Improving the PRC process.  Customizing it more for the trading group.  Figure out some creative ways to compare trading performance.  Add profitability and consistency other other trading measures.  Also incorporate a system of handicapping performance of traders in different markets.  

Very smart. I meant improve in her perfromance, understanding of Enron, the gas trading business, etc.,

the hr needs of the gas trading floor

Thanks. Appreciate feedback. If she had to work on one thing what would it be?

David

David,

This note is to give you my feedback on Jeanie Slone.  

She has been extremely helpful with all personnel issues during the last six months.  Without exception she has satisfied any request I have made of her.  She has done an excellent job dealing with performance reviews (both good and bad), salary, and title issues.  

Phillip

Ina,

Can you get a conference room on 32 for this meeting on Wednesday and let Becky Cantrell know.

thank you
Works for us.  I've scheduled 47C1 at 10:30.  If you'd rather get a conference room on 32, just let me know.

Thanks.

Becky,

How about Wednesday morning at 10:30 am?

Phillip

Phillip -- Would you have some time Wednesday afternoon to meet with Leslie Lawner and me (and Donna Fulton in the D.C. office by phone) to discuss what we could be doing for you at FERC in the next few months?

 
James D Steffes@ENRON
06/24/2001 09:56 AM
Following up on Alan's comment to Phillip --

I've asked the RTO heads to think about 6 month and 18 month "plans".  What about something like this for gas?

Jim

Per last week's call, I am circulating updated FERC staff talking points to the entire Western Wholesale group.  This version of the talking points incorporates comments from Steffes, Walton, and Perrino.

Phillip Allen: people on the call were wondering if there are any informal messages the West gas desk would like to relay to FERC staff. Notes, however, that ex parte contacts such as these generally must avoid issues that are being currently litigated by the FERC.

 << File: FERC Western Message Points 062301.doc >> 

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Jacques,

Have you received the assignment letter from Marcus Kolb.  This letter makes it sound like the assumption is just between the Kuo's and Success Real Estate.  Don't they need something signed from Southern Pacific Bank?

I certainly don't plan on signing any assignment documents before the release is signed and settled.  Has their attorney contacted you with any revisions?  Is the ball in their court?

Phillip

Greg,

I noticed in the san macos record that some zoning changes were underway.  =
First, I wanted to make sure our property would not be affected.  Second, p=
art of the land that is being rezoned is targeted for "seniors".  I would l=
ike to explore the possibility of developing a seniors project ( not assist=
ed living). Maybe we could look at the property mentioned below.   As I hav=
e mentioned,  my goal is to invest around $2 million in real estate over th=
e next two years.  At the current rate that amount would cover the equity r=
equirements for 4 projects assuming I continued to have minority interest p=
artner like Keith.

Here is the article:

Sector 2 plan geets boost from council  By MURLIN EVANS - Staff Reporter  H=
ome and landowners in northwestern San Marcos will soon have a revised futu=
re land use plan to consult for development in the area.  The San Marcos Ci=
ty Council on first reading unanimously approved changes to its Sector Two =
Land Use Plan -- changes over a year in the making and covering a 1.26 squa=
re mile area -- intended to encourage development that is both acceptable a=
nd appropriate for the region.  Significant to the revisions are those affe=
cting a controversial tract owned by resident Jack Weatherford at the corne=
r of Ranch Road 12 and the newly named Craddock Avenue (Bishop Street).  We=
atherford filed suit against the city earlier this year as a result of vari=
ous city commissions declining to approve re-zoning plans the landowner say=
s were in synch with land uses deemed acceptable in the current Sector Two =
plan.  Proposed changes to Weatherford's 54 acre tract -- which have no dir=
ect effect on existing zoning -- deletes the 10 acres of high density resid=
ential allowed in the current plan and adds instead two additional acres of=
 commercial, one additional acre of medium density residential, and seven a=
dditional acres of low density residential.  In addition, the total eight a=
cres of the Weatherford tract proposed for medium density residential is su=
ggested limited to town home, single-family, or multi-family senior housing=
 development in the revised future land use plan.  The total 10 acres of co=
mmercial allowed on the property is proposed limited to "community commerci=
al" -- a yet to be established zoning district -- loosely defined as to ens=
ure more compatibility with existing residential neighborhoods complete wit=
h buffering and landscaping.  A 50 foot greenbelt buffer is also proposed t=
o separate the commercial areas from residential ones in the revised plan. =
 However, a curb cut envisioned to access this property from RR 12 drew som=
e concern from council members over the potential traffic hazards it may po=
se on the busy state highway.  Proposed are two curb cuts, one accessing th=
e proposed Weatherford commercial area from RR 12 and one from Craddock Ave=
nue.  While the state highway department and city would have input into the=
 plans for where the eventual curb cut would go, city planning director Ron=
 Patterson said the allowance of the two curb cuts was a compromise between=
 the wishes of area landowners and Weatherford.  Council member Jane Hughso=
n supported the idea of removing the RR 12 curb cut allowance from the Sect=
or Plan, but evaluating a developer's plans for possibly locating one in th=
e area as development proceeds.  "I'd rather say "no' and if someone comes =
us with a really good idea, look at it then," Hughson said.  Councilman Ed =
Mihalkanin expressed similar safety concerns over the final placement of th=
e curb cut.  "It seems to me we're asking for a bunch of accidents to happe=
n there," Mihalkanin said.  A motion by Hughson to amend the plan to exclud=
e curb cuts from RR 12 into the property failed on a 3-3 tie vote with San =
Marcos Mayor David Chiu and council members Joe Cox and Paul Mayhew voting =
against the move. Council member Martha Castex Tatum was not present at the=
 meeting.  Curb cuts or not, the Sector Two Plan earned support from severa=
l residents and neighborhood representatives, who said the plan was a good =
compromise.  Oak Heights resident John McBride, who has been an active crit=
ic and participant in the Sector Two revision process, especially concernin=
g the Weatherford tract, said the revised plan better served the interests =
of the city as a whole.  "This is not a victory for one side or the other,"=
 said McBride, alluding to a fallout between neighborhood groups opposed to=
 Weatherford's initial plans for his property, "but a victory for the City =
of San Marcos. We started out with all R-1...we've come a long way." =09
=20

Jerilyn,

Call or email with additional data requests.

Phillip
713-853-7041

Yes they do need to get approval from Southern Pacific Bank.  Their attorney
says that the bank has not responded to their requests.  Pauline is still
trying to get them to move forward.

I spoke with their attorney this AM, and he said that he is reviewing the
settlement document and will like to get everything settled before he leaves
on vacation. (even though he has had the document for a month?)

I suggested that he talk to Jacques to speed the process up.  Pauline may
have been slowing the process by not giving him info.

You should probably have Jacques speak with their attorney (Kolb) if he does
not make contact by tomorrow.

Also, Pauline wants to know if you have any info. on a contact name for the
pay phone.

Call me if you need anything.

Jeff

Kay,

I sent a copy of an article discussing oil and gas stocks.  The main idea was that everyone is selling so it is probably a good time to be buying.  I had lost your email so I sent it to Gary and asked him to forward it to you.  I guess he is technology challenged.  The article was just one analyst's opinion.  He can find dozens of articles just like it online.  It was not important.

On a different note, Kelsey is at T Bar M camp this week.  Heather is very anxious about this.  The only info we get is through the camp's website.  Each day they post candid pictures from the prior day.  We scan through to try and spot Kelsey.  So far we have found her in one picture each day.  It is kind of fun trying to find her.  If you want to give it a try, go to their website at  www.tbarmcamps.org/index.shtml <http://www.tbarmcamps.org/index.shtml> .  Click on sports camp parent connection.  There are a few paragraphs about each day and a spot to click for the pictures from that day.  See if you can find her.

Pat and Gary's house looks like it is taking shape fast.  The Meckels seem to do good work.  I might have to reconsider using them for our house.
We should be in town Friday.  We have to be at the camp at 8:30 on Saturday.  See you soon.

Keith

 Good Morning- Pat said you had sent Neal
an e-mail with an attachment, he did not
receive.  Please try again.

Hope Kelsey is having fun at camp.  See
you and the family soon., Love, Kay

Phillip, 
      Their attorney has not contacted me. I have discussed this with Jeff  
and he is following it up. You should not sign anything until we get  
everything ready to be signed. Jacques

I sent their lawyer Jacques name and number, and asked him to call
yesterday.  Maybe Jacques should call him if he does not hear from him by
the end of the day.

Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
2714 Bee Cave Road, Suite 100-D
Austin, Texas  78746
512-732-0009
512-732-0010 fax
512-751-9728 mobile

For your information - 

This morning Goldman issued a brief report following their visit with Enron Management on Monday.  
Their revised price target is $68/share.  
Many of the recent issues driving causing downward pressure on the stock are discussed.

Goldman will be hosting a conference call today at 10:00am (CST) to discuss their views on ENE shares with clients.  Should you wish to listen, dial-in details are included in their report which is included below as an attachment.

Should you have any questions, please let me know.

Regards.

 

David T. Leboe
Director, Investor Relations
Enron Corp. 

Office  713.853.4785
Cell  713.562.2160
Fax   713.646.3002
Pager  877.237.7732
david.leboe@enron.com <mailto:david.leboe@enron.com>

Jacques,

Glad to hear their attorney contacted you.  I agree that we will not consent to the assignment unless the release and utility issue are resolved, but I would prefer to get the utility and release resolved without waiting for the 1st lienholder to consent.  Can we wrap up those issues and sign some sort of agreement to consent subject to Southern Pacific Bank's consent.

Phillip

Phillip, 
      I received a fax of the consent agreement the attorney on the Stage  
Coach transaction sent and a copy of his coner letter to the bank's attorney.  
I called and left a message that I had comments on that agreement and that we  
will only consent if we get the entire transaction including our release and  
the utility issue resolved at one time. I have jury duty Monday and will call  
you Tuesday to touch base. Jacques

There will be a conference call Wed. at 1:00 pm Central, July 11, to discuss California intrastate gas issues.  Ruben Buerger will send out the call in information.

Items to be addressed are:  LDC hedging, unbundling rates and infrastructure needs. Jeff Dasovich will give us a status report on these issues and we then discuss where to go from there.

Matt,

Make sure this is included in your long term forecast.

Also posted today on El Paso's web site.
FYI

Tuesday July 10, 9:21 am Eastern Time

Press Release
SOURCE: El Paso Corporation

El Paso Announces Binding Open Season for Additional Capacity on Line 2000

HOUSTON, July 10 /PRNewswire/ -- El Paso Natural Gas Company, a subsidiary of El Paso Corporation (NYSE: EPG - news), announced today a binding open season for 320 million cubic feet per day (MMcf/d) of pipeline capacity from the Keystone and Waha areas of the Permian Basin in West Texas to the California border near Ehrenberg, Arizona. The binding open season, which began July 5, 2001 and closes on August 2, 2001, is in response to the interest expressed during El Paso's non-binding open season in March 2001 soliciting shippers for potential system expansions.

The expansion capacity will be made available by adding compression to El Paso's Line 2000 from McCamey, Texas to the California border near Ehrenberg, Arizona. The expansion capacity will be sold at El Paso's existing maximum California tariff rate, and the fuel charge is estimated to be 5 percent. The projected in-service date of the expansion facilities is mid-2003 subject to the receipt of all necessary regulatory, environmental, and right-of-way authorizations.

The receipt points on El Paso's system for this capacity will be the Waha and Keystone pools in the Permian Basin area of West Texas. The delivery points will be Southern California Gas Company (SoCal) and PG&E's proposed North Baja Pipeline, El Paso's bi-directional lateral (Line 1903), any future incremental capacity on the SoCal system from Ehrenberg, Arizona into the State of California, and any upstream points on El Paso's south mainline system where capacity exists.

``This system expansion will add incremental interstate capacity to California, Arizona, New Mexico, and West Texas to meet increasing natural gas demands including the demand for natural gas to generate electricity for the western United States,'' said Patricia A. Shelton, president of El Paso Natural Gas Company.

Interested parties can contact their transportation marketing representative or Mr. Jerry W. Strange at (719) 520-4687.

El Paso Corporation is committed to meeting energy needs throughout North America and the world with operations that span the energy value chain from wellhead to electron. The company is focused on speeding the development of new technologies, such as clean coal and liquefied natural gas, to address critical energy shortages across the globe. Visit El Paso at www.elpaso.com <http://www.elpaso.com>.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This release includes forward-looking statements and projections, made in reliance on the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure that the information and assumptions on which these statements and projections are based are current, reasonable, and complete. However, a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the projections, anticipated results or other expectations expressed in this release. While the company makes these statements and projections in good faith, neither the company nor its management can guarantee that the anticipated future results will be achieved. Reference should be made to the company's (and its affiliates') Securities and Exchange Commission filings for additional important factors that may affect actual results.

SOURCE: El Paso Corporation

Here is the information for the conference call.

	Wednesday, July 11
	1:00 to 2:00 p.m. Central Time

	dial-in number:  800-486-2460
	participant code:  675-923
	host code (Lawner):  263-406

Leslie, if you need assistance during the call, please press "# 0".

There will be a conference call Wed. at 1:00 pm Central, July 11, to discuss California intrastate gas issues.  Rubena Buerger will send out the call in information.

Items to be addressed are:  LDC hedging, unbundling rates and infrastructure needs. Jeff Dasovich will give us a status report on these issues and we then discuss where to go from there.

 
 
 
Charts for today's meeting are attached:
 

Jay,

I need to compile a report that shows transaction volume by basis location(Basis Swaps) and volume by location for Phys Forwards as well as Finc Swaps for Power.

We have given them a list of the locations at which we like to make markets.  They want to see historical volumes at those location to judge the liquidity at each location.  

You can reach me at 713-515-3949 or x37041. 

Thanks for your help.

Phillip

Barry,

Mike and I are going to meet with John L. at 2:30 to officially work out the details of Mike's succession as desk head.  We will probably announce to the group by the end of the week.  

Phillip

Phillip, I think they are not copying you on these notes. There is nothing for you to do, just keeping us informed.. This is a large deal being led  by the Gulf orig team. that may have some rockies production transactions included in them. 

BT 

Hunter, Scott, Tom & Barry,
We have been meeting with the Ocean Energy, Inc. ("OEI") management team over the last several months discussing the asset management of OEI's gas, as well as  Enron's ability to provide additional Producer Services (including the operations of certain pipeline facilities, outsourcing services and Enron systems outsourcing). We are moving forward with the project and have divided it into two phases. Phase 1: will be the purchase of OEI's natural gas in North America, both operated and non-operated properties, and Phase 2: will evaluate the opportunity to provide OEI additional services. 
For Phase 1, OEI is soliciting bids for their North American supply for the period beginning on October 1, 2000 through September 30, 2002. Bids on this gas are due August 15, 2001, with expected daily production for the bid cycle to exceed 450,000 MCF/d of natural gas. The gas is currently under contract to Duke Energy  until September 30, 2001. 
Phase 2 will follow a parallel path. We are continuing to have meetings with OEI to discuss our Producer One product as well as evaluating OEI's Havre Pipeline system in Montana for a pipeline outsourcing opportunity. 
OEI is one of the largest independent oil and gas exploration and production companies in the United States with proved reserves of 460 million barrels of oil equivalent. North American operations are focused in the shelf and deepwater areas of the Gulf of Mexico, South and East Texas, and the Mid-continent, Permian Basin and Rocky Mountain regions. 
In the Gulf of Mexico, OEI has interests in more than 300 Gulf of Mexico blocks, including 83 in the deepwater. They plan to spend $300 to $350 million in 2001 to grow its reserve base through delineation of recent discoveries and additional deepwater exploration.  Ocean's deepwater expenditures will include continued development of its commercial discoveries, including the Nansen and Boomvang projects in the East Breaks area and the Magnolia discovery on Garden Banks Block 783. They will continue to be aggressive in the drilling of its inventory of core shelf holdings. 
The North America Onshore division of Ocean Energy is organized into five operating regions: the Rocky Mountains, Permian Basin, Arklatex, Anadarko and East Texas. In 2001, Ocean Energy plans to grow production and reserves from its long-life assets while increasing its number of high-potential exploration prospects in core areas, including the Bossier Play in East Texas and the Permian Basin. 
This opportunity will provide gas across North America for Enron with the majority of the gas supply located in the GOM. Once we complete our due diligence on the properties, we will be working with structuring, the wellhead desk and each of the respective desks to request  bids for each of the gas packages.
The attached file will give you an idea of the location and volume of the gas available in Phase 1. Also included on the spreadsheet is a pricing reference point for each package. If you have any questions regarding this opportunity, please contact me at X-36784. 
  << File: OEI.xls >> 

Phillip:

Here is info about the party I am having.  It's has been a long time I
haven't seen you, so try to come (I know you usually do not).  Try to bring
Hunty and some other old timers.  Don't worry about the fact that it is to
celebrate the "Launching of True Quote and EOL link", it was supposed to
take place on June 9th, but we got flooded out!  I am inviting bunch of
friends and few colleagues and some of the EOL people I work with.

My phone at work is 713 622 5243

Richard
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
You are cordially invited to a party at my house to celebrate True Quote's
true launch and the completed integration with EnronOnline.  But these are
just excuses!.
We all had too many Mylanta moments and we need to drink it up.

Time:  Saturday JULY 14, 2001 at 8:00 PM
Place:  415 W 22 Street in the Heights (on 22nd Street between Shepherd and
Yale).
Phone: (713) 862-8268
Dress Code: As long as you don't get arrested for Public Indecency
Parking: on 22nd Street and in a parking lot at corner of 22nd and Ashland
Light food and drinks.

Map is enclosed for directions.

Hope you can join us

 - Picture 

Michael,

I finally got in touch with the department that handles stock options.  Unfortunately, they are committed to Paine Webber for the foreseeable future.  The two primary reasons they gave for not wanting to explore a new relationship were an exclusive contract with Paine Webber and the reporting and tax interfaces that are already in place.  They are less concerned with the services that Paine Webber doesn't offer the employees such as lending against vested options.  

It was worth a try.

Phillip

Please add the following names to the mailing list:  Mike Grigsby, Frank Ermis, Keith Holst, Matt Smith, Janie Tholt

This is to quickly summarize our call on July 11 on California gas intrastate matters and set a direction for future activity.

Unbundling:	 PG&E has a Gas Accord in effect through 12/31/03, which is generally positive.  We will participate in the development of a successor plan, and attempt to improve it if we can.
  		SoCalGas attempted its own version of a gas accord, but the CPUC refused to approve.  We will attempt to resurrect this accord and obtain CPUC approval. 

Hedging:  No proceeding currently exists to address gas hedging by LDCs.  (draft legislation does exist on the electric side to allow hedging and passthrough of costs).  Jeff has recommended that we approach the LDCs to begin discussing the issue and developing a strategy to take to the CPUC.  I suggest we develop an ENA-EES hedging proposal for CA and then take that to the LDCs.  I will attempt to put this is writing.

Infrastructure:  CPUC has undertaken a proceeding to determine the need to improve infrastructure.  SoCal Gas and PG&E are responding with proposals.  We want to revitalize the infrastructure and ensure real markets exist and can develop.  Our task is to participate in these proceedings.

(Please let me know who I left off the mailing list).

Mike,

I sent Leslie a note to include you and others on the desk on the distribution list.

This is to quickly summarize our call on July 11 on California gas intrastate matters and set a direction for future activity.

Unbundling:	 PG&E has a Gas Accord in effect through 12/31/03, which is generally positive.  We will participate in the development of a successor plan, and attempt to improve it if we can.
  		SoCalGas attempted its own version of a gas accord, but the CPUC refused to approve.  We will attempt to resurrect this accord and obtain CPUC approval. 

Hedging:  No proceeding currently exists to address gas hedging by LDCs.  (draft legislation does exist on the electric side to allow hedging and passthrough of costs).  Jeff has recommended that we approach the LDCs to begin discussing the issue and developing a strategy to take to the CPUC.  I suggest we develop an ENA-EES hedging proposal for CA and then take that to the LDCs.  I will attempt to put this is writing.

Infrastructure:  CPUC has undertaken a proceeding to determine the need to improve infrastructure.  SoCal Gas and PG&E are responding with proposals.  We want to revitalize the infrastructure and ensure real markets exist and can develop.  Our task is to participate in these proceedings.

(Please let me know who I left off the mailing list).

In an effort to continually improve the overall quality of the
Analyst/Associate Programs, the Program Management would appreciate your
feedback on the current state of the programs.  In order to insure
confidentiality, Executive Leadership Associates has been engaged to receive
your feedback and summarize it for the Program Management.

Please reply to this email with your answers to the questions below no later
than Friday, July 20, 2001 to insure your views are included in the summary
of survey data.

If you have any questions or technical difficulties regarding the survey,
either email me at ramabile@execlead.com <mailto:ramabile@execlead.com> or call:

Dick Amabile at Executive Leadership Associates, (281) 361-3691.

1. Please place an X to the right of the category that best describes your
role.  Please check all that apply.
"Are you?"
-A business unit supervisor/manager:X
-A PRC Representative:
-An HR Representative:

2. Please put an X to the right of the item that best reflects your level of
overall agreement with this statement.

"Overall, the Analyst/Associate Programs meet my business needs":

Strongly Agree ---
Agree ---X
Partly Agree/Partly Disagree ---
Disagree ---
Strongly Disagree ---

3. If you could improve one thing related to the Analyst/Associate Program,
what would it be? (Please try to focus on the one key area with a concise
reply)
Type your response here: Customize rotations for the analyst or associates job desires and skills.  

Please approve Ina Rangel for a corporate American Express.

Phillip Allen

Phillip,

Here is the following letter.  I put the amount that we are currently spending on food per month.  As of right now, we are having to borrow different peoples credit cards for lunches.  A lot of restaurants do not open accounts on credit.  They only take payment at time of order.

 

Ina Rangel

Richard, 

I hope your party was a success.  Sorry I could not attend.  Stay in touch.

Phillip

Phillip:

Here is info about the party I am having.  It's has been a long time I
haven't seen you, so try to come (I know you usually do not).  Try to bring
Hunty and some other old timers.  Don't worry about the fact that it is to
celebrate the "Launching of True Quote and EOL link", it was supposed to
take place on June 9th, but we got flooded out!  I am inviting bunch of
friends and few colleagues and some of the EOL people I work with.

My phone at work is 713 622 5243

Richard
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
You are cordially invited to a party at my house to celebrate True Quote's
true launch and the completed integration with EnronOnline.  But these are
just excuses!.
We all had too many Mylanta moments and we need to drink it up.

Time:  Saturday JULY 14, 2001 at 8:00 PM
Place:  415 W 22 Street in the Heights (on 22nd Street between Shepherd and
Yale).
Phone: (713) 862-8268
Dress Code: As long as you don't get arrested for Public Indecency
Parking: on 22nd Street and in a parking lot at corner of 22nd and Ashland
Light food and drinks.

Map is enclosed for directions.

Hope you can join us

 - Picture << File: Picture >> 

Would have loved to have you.  We had lots of beer and great food.  Let's go
for lunch or drinks, it is on Truequote, so bring couple of people if you
want, buyt keep it small so we can catch up.

Take care

Richard,

I hope your party was a success.  Sorry I could not attend.  Stay in
touch.

Phillip

		 -----Original Message-----
		Phillip:

		Here is info about the party I am having.  It's has been
a long time I
		haven't seen you, so try to come (I know you usually do
not).  Try to bring
		Hunty and some other old timers.  Don't worry about the
fact that it is to
		celebrate the "Launching of True Quote and EOL link", it
was supposed to
		take place on June 9th, but we got flooded out!  I am
inviting bunch of
		friends and few colleagues and some of the EOL people I
work with.

		My phone at work is 713 622 5243

		Richard
		>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
		You are cordially invited to a party at my house to
celebrate True Quote's
		true launch and the completed integration with
EnronOnline.  But these are
		just excuses!.
		We all had too many Mylanta moments and we need to drink
it up.

		Time:  Saturday JULY 14, 2001 at 8:00 PM
		Place:  415 W 22 Street in the Heights (on 22nd Street
between Shepherd and
		Yale).
		Phone: (713) 862-8268
		Dress Code: As long as you don't get arrested for Public
Indecency
		Parking: on 22nd Street and in a parking lot at corner
of 22nd and Ashland
		Light food and drinks.

		Map is enclosed for directions.

		Hope you can join us

		 - Picture << File: Picture >>

 

Ina,

I will be on vacation July 31 - August 3.  Please mark the calendar.

Phillip

Jay,

Can you set up one more simulated account with access to all products for the west desk.

Thank you,
Phillip Allen

Hunter,

The simulation url is https://simweb0.eolsim.com

Your accounts are:
	access to all:		simtrader1
	access to us gas only:	simtrader3, simtrader4

Phillip's accounts are:
	access to all:		simtrader2
	access to us gas only:	simtrader5, simtrader6

In each case, the password is the same as the username.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Thanks!

--jay
	

Jay,

My message was confusing.  I needed one more id that has access to all products.  It is for the use of someone on the West Desk.  I do not need an ID that can only trade the West region.  If possible, please modify simtrader7.

Thank you,
Phillip

Hi Phillip,

simtrader7 has access to all US gas (physical and financial) and all West power.  Gas access is not regionalized, so I can't give the account access to just West gas.  Let me know if this isn't what you want.

Thanks!
 --jay

Jay,

Can you set up one more simulated account with access to all products for the west desk.

Thank you,
Phillip Allen

Hunter,

The simulation url is https://simweb0.eolsim.com

Your accounts are:
	access to all:		simtrader1
	access to us gas only:	simtrader3, simtrader4

Phillip's accounts are:
	access to all:		simtrader2
	access to us gas only:	simtrader5, simtrader6

In each case, the password is the same as the username.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Thanks!

--jay
	

Bill,

Have not received the forms yet.  I will confirm receipt.

Phillip

Charts for today's briefing are attached:

 
  

Jeff,

Are the books and VAR set up for simulated trading?  We began doing trades on the user id's set up by jay webb.

Phillip

Jay,

Final request and I will leave you alone.  Need one more gas only id.

Phillip

Hi Phillip,

simtrader7 now has the access you requested.

thanks!
 -jay

Jay,

My message was confusing.  I needed one more id that has access to all products.  It is for the use of someone on the West Desk.  I do not need an ID that can only trade the West region.  If possible, please modify simtrader7.

Thank you,
Phillip

Hi Phillip,

simtrader7 has access to all US gas (physical and financial) and all West power.  Gas access is not regionalized, so I can't give the account access to just West gas.  Let me know if this isn't what you want.

Thanks!
 --jay

Jay,

Can you set up one more simulated account with access to all products for the west desk.

Thank you,
Phillip Allen

Hunter,

The simulation url is https://simweb0.eolsim.com

Your accounts are:
	access to all:		simtrader1
	access to us gas only:	simtrader3, simtrader4

Phillip's accounts are:
	access to all:		simtrader2
	access to us gas only:	simtrader5, simtrader6

In each case, the password is the same as the username.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Thanks!

--jay
	

FYI

On Friday, July 13th, a shipper group filed a complaint against El Paso Nat=
ural Gas alleging that the pipeline has oversold capacity into California d=
ue in part to unlimited growth of demands by full requirements customers.  =
The complainants request:

(1) that all full requirements customers be converted to contract demand cu=
stomers at reasonable levels;

(2) a mandatory expansion of the pipeline system to be used to meet El Paso=
's existing firm transportation obligations; and

(3) that FERC prohibit El Paso from collecting demand charges for firm serv=
ice it is unable to provide until such time as El Paso can show that it is =
capable of meeting its firm service obligations.

A Technical Conference in El Paso's Order No. 637 proceeding (RP00-336) is =
scheduled for Wed., July 18, 2001 to discuss El Paso's systemwide capacity =
allocation issues, which will include topics addressed in the complaint.=20

Hunter,

Here is Portland's weekly fundamental presentation.  It might give you some good ideas.  How was ECON 5100?

Phillip

Charts for today's briefing are attached:

 
  

Bill,

Here is the information outstanding from our conversation yesterday: 

1.	Assessed value for the Leander land - $632,000
2.	Mortgage on residence - Cendant Mortgage, Loan # 2328912
3.	EIN for Bishops Corner, L.P. - 76 068 5666
4.	 I will fax you statements from various accounts

Let me know what else I can do to be ready to turn around the invitation letter.  I am pulling together all the organizational documents for the partnership.

Phillip

Attached is the Delta position for 1/18, 1/31, 6/20, 7/16, 9/24

 

Let me know if you have any questions.

Heather

Jacques, 

Here is the payoff info for the unsecured note:

Assuming the note is paid before the 7/20 payment is due:  $36,523 + $7/day accrued interest since 6/20.  For example, if paid on 7/18 the balance would be $36,719.

If the Kuo's make the payment due on 7/20, then the payoff amount would be $36,304 + $7/day accrued interest after 7/20.

The amortization schedule is attached.

Phillip 

Greg,

I have been working with Bill Montez.  I furnished a personal financial statement, EIN number, and we worked through a variety of forms.  I am pulling together the partnership agreement and other organizational documents.  Let me know what else I need to do.

I received the final geotech report yesterday.  Let me know what this means.  It did not look good to me.  Crazy amounts of fill and still nowhere near a PVR of 1".  

Bobincheck got me all fired up about HUD being out of money yesterday.  Darrell calmed me down somewhat, but should we go ahead and submit a package to Bank One just in case?

Still need to look at the numbers once again.  Email when ready.

Talk to you soon.

Phillip

I did not receive the 2nd quarter trend report by email.  My email address is pallen70@hotmail.com.  In the future, I would prefer a hard copy and the ability to download from the website.

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDAR
Date:			Every Thursday
Time: 			7:30 am Pacific, 9:30 am Central, and 10:30 am Eastern time
 Number: 		1-888-271-0949 
 Host Code:		661877 (for Ray only)
 Participant Code:	936022 (for everyone else)

The table of the on-going FERC issues and proceedings is available to all team members on the O drive. Please feel free to revise/add to/ update this table as appropriate.

Proposed agenda for tomorrow:

Update- request for rehearing of 6/19 Order
Claim for refunds made by PNW utilities
CAISO Order of Chief Judge Scheduling Settlement Conference,Docket ER01-2019-000
Motion for Refunds of CA Parties and Pacific Gas and Electric
Consumers Union

The account numbers you needed are below:

1.	1st Community Credit Union- 1109870
2.	1st State Bank - 102255

Jeanie,

Here is a letter about why Frank should be promoted.

 

Greg here are my questions regarding the cedar park deal.

 

10:30 (Dow Jones) The key to analyzing media stocks is....automobiles? Yes, it's true, suggest SG Cowen media analysts Ed Hatch, Peter Mirsky and Eric Handler, in this week's Media Money Manager. Automobile advertising is the largest category in domestic consumer media spending and accounts for about 17%, or $15 billion, the stock studiers say, using data from Competitive Media Reporting. By early fall, the analysts expect the car companies "to ramp spending back up to support new model introductions and to regain market share from the imports." Such an event, says the SG Cowen crew, could mark a significant catalyst for companies that depend heavily on TV advertising, like AOL Time Warner (AOL), Viacom (VIA, VIAB), News Corp. (NWS), and Disney (DIS). ( BS)

Please do not reply to this e-mail.

You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iBuyit Payables in-box
that is past due.  Please login to iBuyit Payables and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.

To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below:
<http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com>
Note:  Your iBuyit Payables User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.

First time iBuyit Payables user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
<http://sap.enron.com/sap_doclib/user/file_list.asp?cabinet_id=265>

Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.

Meet your Analyst(s) tomorrow, Tuesday 24th at 3:00 pm in the Energizer. 

In preparation for your Analyst(s) start date on Thursday, please pick them up at the Energizer and take them to your Business Unit for Introductions and overview of your area. If you can not meet with your Analyst(s), please send someone from your Business Unit in your place. Following introductions to your area, the Analyst(s) are free to leave for the day. 

If you have any questions/concerns, please contact John Walt ext. 3-5379 or Donna Jones ext. 3-3175.

Heather,

This is exactly what we need.  Would it possible to add the prior day for each of the dates below to the pivot table.  In order to validate the curve shift on the dates below we also need the prior days ending positions.

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

Attached is the Delta position for 1/18, 1/31, 6/20, 7/16, 9/24

 << File: west_delta_pos.xls >> 

Let me know if you have any questions.

Heather

Sources at OPS indicate that once OPS completes its review of line 1110 and approves it to come back online, there is no formal process to grant El Paso permission to bring the entire system back to full capacity at 1.1 bcf/d. Therefore, once the inspection/repairs are completed by El Paso, the company will seek permission from OPS to resume to full service. OPS would probably grant them approval within a matter of days. The uncertainty still lies in the time it will take to interpret pigging data and for OPS to conduct its review.

Jacques,

Keith and I were able to resolve our concerns about having the GP as a  corporation.  Several CPA's assured us that the tax treatment fears we had were not a significant risk.  Therefore,  we are ready to finalize the agreements.  What is the next step?  Do we just execute the copies we have?

I haven't heard anything else on the stagecoach from Kevin Kolb.  I keep leaving messages.

Phillip

Ina,

Please mark me down for vacation on August 1 through August 3.

Phillip

Mike,

Here is my first pass at midyear reviews.  

        

Let me know if you want me to draft something for Monique.  I will make sure that Matt Smith and Jason Wolfe are reviewed appropriately.  That just leaves Susan.

Phillip

PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDAR
Date:			Every Thursday
Time: 			7:30 am Pacific, 9:30 am Central, and 10:30 am Eastern time
 Number: 		1-888-271-0949 
 Host Code:		661877 (for Ray only)
 Participant Code:	936022 (for everyone else)

The table of the on-going FERC issues and proceedings is available to all team members on the O drive. Please feel free to revise/add to/ update this table as appropriate.

Proposed agenda for tomorrow:

Refund order discussed at today's Commission meeting; CA refund issues; PacNW refund issues
NOPR on information and filing requirements discussed at today's Commission meeting
Answer to motions of CA parties
ISO tariff filing response
Upcoming meeting in Portland

Please feel free to communicate any additional agenda items to the group.

Call Barry Tycholiz

Phillip,

I'm thinking of speaking with Questar about weather hedging - for both their distribution and transportation businesses.  Is there someone on your desk I should speak with first?

Thanks and regards,
Gary
x31511

Griff,

Can you please accommodate this request?

Phillip

Phillip,

If its not to much trouble, could you have my guest username and password
reinstated.

Thanks,
Dexter

JOR46762
WELCOME!

Dexter,

Hopefully Griff Gray has sent you the information on your id and password by now.  It should be good through January.  Please email or call if any problems.

Phillip

Phillip,

If its not to much trouble, could you have my guest username and password
reinstated.

Thanks,
Dexter

JOR46762
WELCOME!

Janie,

Do you want to work with regulatory to make sure we can comply?

Phillip,  thought this might be of interest.  Ray

=20
Nancy Bagot
07/26/2001 09:51 AM
Attached is the Commission's "Order Imposing Reporting Requirement on Natur=
al Gas Sales to California Market," which was issued late yesterday.

In the order, the Commission finds that if does have the authority to reque=
st the information as set out in the May 18 order proposing the requirement=
s.  =20

The information is to cover August 1, 2001 through Sept. 30, 2002 (the end =
date coincides with the end of the Commission's mitigation plan re: wholesa=
l prices in California and the West).
Specific info gas sellers and LDCs file concernign purchase and sales trans=
actions is exempt from FOIA disclosure
Also, respondents may request privileged treatment of "other portions of th=
eir responses subject to the.....Commission's regulations"
Some of the questions have been modified based on comments received based o=
n comments received on the May 18th proposal
Transaction by transaction data is required; FERC will aggregate the inform=
ation
The information request will NOT be expanded beyond California
FERC is providing the reporting format as a data template to be available o=
n RIMS.

The order is attached here, and the appendix listing specific questions is =
below.     =20

=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D

APPENDIX

Answers to all questions below that require a statement of volumes should s=
et forth the requested volumes on an MMBtu basis.

For Interstate Natural Gas Pipelines:

1.=09On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, pl=
ease provide the following information for each contract for transportation=
 to the California border:

a.=09the transaction or contract identification number;
b.=09the terms and effective date of the contract;
c.=09contract demand by shipper;
d.=09the daily scheduled volume by shipper;
e.=09the daily nominated volume by shipper;
f.=09the daily delivered volume by shipper;
g.=09whether the service is firm or interruptible;=20
h.=09the rate charged in $$/MMbtu;
i.=09primary receipt and delivery points associated with the contract; and,
j.=09whether the shipper is affiliated with the pipeline.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

2.=09For the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the =
following information for each capacity release transaction for transportat=
ion to the California border:

a.=09the transaction or contract identification number, or offer number;=20
(This number should tie to contract number reported in Question 1,a., above=
)
b.=09the name of the releasing shipper;
c.=09the name of the acquiring shipper;
d.=09the contract quantity;
e.=09the acquiring shipper's contract rate; and,
f.=09the releasing shipper's contract rate.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.
Docket No. RM01-9-000=09- 6 -

3.=09On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, pl=
ease provide the following system information:

a.=09the maximum peak day design capacity;
b =09the daily maximum flowing capacity;
c =09the daily scheduled system volume;
d.=09the daily delivered system volume;
e.=09the daily scheduled volume at each California delivery point;
f.=09an explanation of each instance that the daily maximum flowing capacit=
y is below the maximum peak day design capacity; and,
g.=09an explanation of any daily variance in the maximum flowing capacity.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

4.=09On a daily basis for May 1999 and May 2000, please provide the followi=
ng system information:

a.=09the maximum peak day design capacity;
b =09the daily maximum flowing capacity;
c =09the daily scheduled system volume;
d.=09the daily delivered system volume, and,
e.=09the daily scheduled volume at each California delivery point.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

For Sellers of Natural Gas to the California Market:

1.=09State whether the seller is affiliated with an interstate or intrastat=
e natural gas pipeline company or local distribution company, and, if so, g=
ive the name and address the affiliated company.

2.=09 On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, p=
lease provide the following information for each contract in which you sold=
 natural gas and the gas is physically delivered at points on the Californi=
a border or in California:=20
a.=09the sales contract's identification number;
b.=09the term of the sales contract (beginning and ending dates);
c.=09the name of the buyer identifying whether the buyer is an energy marke=
ter, local distribution company, or end user;=20
d.=09the volumes sold (on a MMBtu basis);=20
e.=09the price paid by buyer, and
f.=09whether the price is fixed or indexed (identify the index).

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

3.=09For each sales contract, identify separately the transportation compon=
ent and the gas commodity component of the price.  If the sales contract sp=
ecifies the transportation component of the price, the seller shall report =
that amount.  If the sales contract only includes an overall price, then th=
e seller shall report the transportation cost it incurred in moving the gas=
 from the point where it purchased the gas to the point where it sold the g=
as and how it determined that amount.  If the sale was made at the same poi=
nt where the gas was purchased, and there is no transportation element in t=
he sale, the seller shall respond "n.a."

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

4.=09For the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, please provide the =
following information on a daily basis for each of your gas purchase contra=
cts associated with the sales contracts you identified in response to Quest=
ion 2:

a.=09the purchase contract's identification number;
b.=09the pipeline upstream of the point of delivery; and the pipeline downs=
tream of the point of delivery;
c.=09the term of the purchase contract (beginning and ending dates);=20
d.=09the daily volumes (on a MMBtu basis) purchased;
e.=09the price paid;=20
           f.         whether the price is fixed or indexed (identify the i=
ndex),
g .=09identify the entity from whom the responder purchased the gas; and,
h.=09identify the point where responder took title to the gas.=20

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

For Local Distribution Companies In California:=09

1.=09Provide your system's gas sales and transportation requirements, (i.e,=
 contract demands and daily demands) by core, non-core, electric generation=
, and non-utility loads.  Provide a break down of these demands by type of =
service (e.g., sales and transportation) and quality of service(firm/interr=
uptible).=20

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

2.=09On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, pl=
ease provide the following information for each contract the local distribu=
tion company has with a transportation customer:

a.=09contract demand by shipper;
b.=09the daily scheduled volume by shipper;
c.=09the daily delivered volume by shipper;
d.=09whether the service is firm or interruptible;=20
e.=09the rate charged; and,
f.=09receipt and delivery points associated with the contract.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

3.=09On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, pl=
ease provide the following information for each contract the local distribu=
tion company has with a sales customer:=20

a.=09the contract demand by purchaser;
b.=09the term of the sales contract (beginning and ending dates);=20
c.=09the volumes (on a MMBtu basis) sold; and,
d.=09the price paid by purchaser.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

4.=09On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, pl=
ease provide the following information for each gas purchase contract:=20

a.=09the purchase contract's identification number;
b.=09the term of the purchase contract (beginning and ending dates);=20
c.=09the volumes (on a MMBtu basis) bought;
d.=09the price paid;=20
e.=09whether the price is fixed or indexed (identify the index); and,
f.=09identify the point where (name of local distribution company) took tit=
le to the gas.=20

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

5.=09On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, pl=
ease provide by interstate pipeline the type and quantity of transportation=
 service your system has under contract.  At each receipt point, provide ma=
ximum peak day design capacity, the daily maximum flowing capacity, the dai=
ly nominated capacity and the daily scheduled volumes of the local distribu=
tion system.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

6.=09On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, pl=
ease provide on a system-wide basis your storage service rights i.e., capac=
ity and deliverability rights.  Additionally, provide daily storage balance=
s, injections and withdrawls.

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

7.=09On a daily basis for the period August 1, 2001 to January 31, 2002, pl=
ease provide how much of your system's gas supply was from intrastate produ=
ction sources.  Separately identify the sources, volumes, receipt points, a=
nd prices.  Include the total system supply in your response.
Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

8.=09Provide a summary of your system's gas purchases in the following cate=
gories:

a.=09daily spot purchases;
b.=09monthly;
c.=09short-term (more than 1 month and less than 1 year);
d.=09medium-term (1-3 years); and,
e.=09long-term ( more than 3 years).

by month for each of the last three years in the following format:

a.=09price;
b.=09volume; and,
c.=09identify, by name, where these purchases were made (producing basin or=
 at the California border).

Along with the hard copy response, please provide a CD-ROM containing the r=
esponse to this question.  Please provide this information in Excel version=
 97 or 2000 or comma separated value (CSV) format.

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Tim,

Is something wrong with the database?  It appears that the iso load, hour ahead intertie data, and the northwest hydro info has not been updated since 7/25.  Is this just a problem on our end?  Let me know when you get a chance.

Thanks,

Phillip

Phillip, here is the breakdown on new deals and option values for Sept 24.

Options:

Sold put with strike of 150 and volume of 30,800
Sold put with strike of 220 and volume of 92,400
Buy put with strike of 175 and volume of 61,600
Buy put with strike of 125 and volume of 30,800
Buy put with strike of 125 and volume of 30,800
Buy put with strike of 125 and volume of 30,800

Total new deal value $(3,552,534)

Value in exercising of deals (liquidations) $3,642,100

Net value to book = $89,566

The reason for the difference in new deal value for LT - NW between the new deal report and the DPR of approx $(2,290,630) was due to the fact that one of the swaps that was entered for the exercised options was incorrect. The correct value was determined by running a minibook and the difference was $(2,290,630) and so the new deal value was adjusted accordingly.

John

I am glad we finally heard from Kevin Kolb.  I would like to close the book on the stagecoach.

I will be out of the office next Wednesday through Friday.  I would like to execute the partnership documents on Monday or Tuesday, if possible.  

Sorry to hear about your wife's condition.  She will be in our prayers.

Phillip
Phillip, 
      I received an email from Kevin Kolb with comments on the settlement  
agreement that i had prepared and sent out quite a while ago. I will contact  
him and try to reach agreement on all points. I will be at MD Anderson this  
afternoon with my wife - she is starting chemo today - but I will check my  
email tonight and tomorrow. If you have any questions or comments, just leave  
a note and I will respond. Thanks.  Jacques

This message is sent to you on behalf of Robert Jones, Human Resources.

The following employee has been approved for promotion.

Employee			Current Job Title		Promoted to	
Frank Ermis			Manager			Director

Next week we will work with you on any necessary salary actions.

If you have any questions, please give me a call at 3-5810. 

Regards,

Robert Jones
VP, Human Resources
Enron Wholesales Services

Jacques,

If your schedule permits, 4pm or later today would work for us.  

Phillip

Phillip,
    Thanks for the prayers. Call me Monday and we will set up a time to sign
up the docs. Take care. Jacques
    

Ed,

How does Ellie like the ranch?  Is she adjusting OK?

Phillip Allen

She is fine and acts like she belongs there are plenty of new things for her to investigate.  

Krishna:  One of our clients has requested that we send the information contained in the Deal Fixed Price Report to them in an Excel Format.  Our data will not be used in the monthly pricing survey, if we can not provide the information to them, today.  

Phillip Allen has made this my number one priority.  Please let me know what can be done on a very short time frame.

Thank you.

Anne Bike
x-57735    

I am running the report for the Flow date of August 1st, and the trade dates of July 25 through today.

Francis,

Here are the files we need in excel.  Thank you for your help.

Phillip

I apologize for not sending yesterday's information.  We were experiencing technical difficulties.  Please let me know if you have any questions or comments.  Thank you.

Anne Bike

    

I apologize for not sending yesterday's information.  We were experiencing technical difficulties.  Please let me know if you have any questions or comments.  Thank you.

Anne Bike

    

Jean,

Congratulations on being team leader for the video.  

Here are some ideas:

1.	A long winded VP drones on and on asking questions about an analyst that is not in his/her group while the camera flashes to other bored VP's.  It could start with sighs and rolling eyes then build to comical efforts to be put out of their misery. (gun to head or rope around neck)
2.	Include some digs at John Lavorato's quirks like always pulling up his shirt sleeves.

Just some ideas to get things started.  Obviously, the gas market is slow today.

Phillip

John,

I am going to miss the meeting with Vladi about Z6 and weather hedges.  I have been planning to be on vacation on August 1st -August 3rd and we are driving this afternoon before the kids get too cranky.

I went over the analysis with Vladi.  It still seems that the bias of the weather products towards an above normal winter and the averaging vs event nature of the weather options keep them from being an effective hedge for Z6.

See you on Monday.

Phillip

 

Please do not reply to this e-mail.

You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iBuyit Payables in-box
that is past due.  Please login to iBuyit Payables and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.

To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below:
<http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com>
Note:  Your iBuyit Payables User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.

First time iBuyit Payables user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
<http://sap.enron.com/sap_doclib/user/file_list.asp?cabinet_id=265>

Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.

Tim,

Is there a website maintained by the Corp of Engineers or other source that reports real time hourly flows and generation from the major dams?
I remember one from several years ago but I can only find daily averages on the west power site.

Phillip

Phillip,
 
Attached are the following completed forms we worked out together.   Please review and, if acceptable, execute in blue ink. 
 
1. 92530 Previous Participation Cert.
2. 92417 Personal Financial Statement
3. 92013 Supplement Banking & Credit References
4. Verification of Deposits/loans(VOD) 3( Reflecting 2013supp info.
5. 935.2 Affirmative Fair Housing Marketing Plan.
 
I have received fax copies of the following executed documents:
 
1.  Release of Banking and Credit Info.
2. Byrd Amendment Cert
3. 2010 Equal Opportunity Cert
4. Tax Credit Statement
Please send me the original blue ink excuted copes of these four  documents.  This should complete all the mortgage credit and FHEO  documents.  Other documents to be executed will include the following which  will be forwarded to you when completed:
1.    B181 Owner/Architect Agreement with HUD  Amendment
2.   Architect Certificate
3.   Owner/Lender Identity of Interest Cert.
4.  Other identity of Interest Cert.
5.   2328 Mortgagor's/Contractor Cost Breakdown
6.   HUD-92013 Application for Multifamily Project 
7. HUD-9839B Management Agent Certification
8. W-9 Request for Taxpayer ID #(owner, principals)
 
I will endeavor to make this an easy process for you so you can work out  the bigger issues with Greg regarding design, construction, marketing and  management.
Please call me if you need anything or have any questions.
 
Best Regards
Billmr_bill@texas.net mr-bill1@swbell.net  (home  office)
210.541.0444
 
 

 - Blank Bkgrd.gif 
 - Hud2530.pdf 
 - 92417.pdf 
 - 2013Supplement.PDF 
 - VOD(AUTO).PDF 
 - VOD(Leander).PDF 
 - VOD(Paine).PDF 
 - 935.2(SA).PDF 

http://www.nwd-wc.usace.army.mil/report/projdata.htm

Ceci,

I received the list of properties you mailed.  Thank you very much.  I would like to stay updated on the market in Hood River and the surrounding areas in Washington as well.  I would be interested in lots as well as homes.  In case you don't still have it, my address is 8855 Merlin Ct, Houston, TX 77055.

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

http://www.forbes.com/global/2000/0612/0312072a.html

 <<Utility Construction Escrow AM (AMHPLeander).DOC>>

Phillip,

Enclosed is the Utility Construction Escrow Agreement for your execution in
connection with the closing on the property located in Leander, Texas.
Please review the enclosed document and contact me at (512) 370-2836 or Mike
Bobinchuck with any questions or concerns.  Thanks.

Michelle L. Simpkins
Winstead Sechrest & Minick P.C.
100 Congress Avenue, Suite 800
Austin, Texas  78701
(512) 370-2836
(512) 370-2850 Fax
msimpkins@winstead.com <mailto:msimpkins@winstead.com>

 - Utility Construction Escrow AM (AMHPLeander).DOC 

 <<3MMP07!.DOC>>

Phillip,

Enclosed is the First Amendment for your execution.  I just found out that
you have been out of the office, so you may not have received the fax of the
Amendment which I sent to you earlier in the week.  Please review the
enclosed document and contact me at (512) 370-2836 or Mike Bobinchuck with
any questions or concerns.  If there are no questions, please sign the
Amendment and fax it me at (512) 370-2850.  Thanks.

Michelle L. Simpkins
Winstead Sechrest & Minick P.C.
100 Congress Avenue, Suite 800
Austin, Texas  78701
(512) 370-2836
(512) 370-2850 Fax
msimpkins@winstead.com <mailto:msimpkins@winstead.com>

 - 3MMP07!.DOC 

Mark,

The planned mountain bike activity is on Beaver Creek Mountain.  Do you kno=
w what kind of trails are there?  There is a break on Saturday after lunch.=
  The trails at Vail sound great.  Hunter and I would definitely be up for =
trying them out.   Let's set it up.  Let me know if you can book a side tri=
p or if you want me to try.

Thanks,

Phillip=20
Do you know what they are planning for Mountain Biking?  Hopefully it is no=
t just paved bike trails.  If you and Hunter want to we can schedule a side=
 trip if we get a break.  The trails at Vail are the ones they use for the =
World Cup Championships.  The downhill is awsome.  Let me know.

Mark

Please find attached details for the forthcoming Enron Americas Management =
Offsite. There are group actions which need to be completed before arriving=
 in Beaver Creek.=20
The Offsite will involve meetings, mountain biking and white water rafting =
(grade 3), so please bring appropriate clothing. For those who have not bee=
n rafting before appropriate clothing would be swimwear, sports shoes, hat,=
 shorts and T-shirt. Life jackets will be provided. The accommodation will =
be in condominiums in Beaver Creek and room assignments are also attached b=
elow.=20
Transportation=20
The attached agenda outlines the transportation requirements for those depa=
rting from Houston. It is assumed that all members of the ESA team will als=
o travel to and from Houston with the Houston based employees. Dorie Hitchc=
ock will be contacting those of you separately who are not traveling to and=
 from Houston.=20
Video=20
You each have been assigned to a group for the sole purpose of completing a=
 video prior to attending the Offsite. The video filming should be complete=
d and on a VHS tape prior to departure for Beaver Creek. The purpose of thi=
s video is to provide a comic interlude to the proceedings. The videos will=
 be seen prior to dinner on Friday night at Saddleridge. The video should b=
e about  5 minutes in length, on a VHS tape and there is a zero budget assi=
gned to the production of the video. Each team has been given a title which=
 is open to interpretation (see attached spreadsheet).
Please find attached the following information:=20
(i) Attendees and Teams for Video=20
(ii) Draft Agenda=20
Any questions or concerns should be addressed to Dorie Hitchcock (Ext 36978=
)=20
We look forward to seeing you in Beaver Creek.=20
John & Louise
=20
 << File: offsite1.xls >>  << File: 01lavaugcolagenda1.xls >>

Ceci,

I would like to stay current on listings under $225.  As an alternative, I would be interested in finding a lot with city utilities to build a small home(<1500 sf).  I am not in a hurry.  I would just like to follow the market and hopefully find a great deal if I am patient.  Thanks for your help.

Phillip Allen

Hello Allen
 i remember you calling and asking for townhome info.  but could you remind
me your perimeters for the homes you are wanting me to keep ;you updated on
? a apologize for loosing tract of what you are wanting
ceci

Ceci,

I received the list of properties you mailed.  Thank you very much.  I
would like to stay updated on the market in Hood River and the
surrounding areas in Washington as well.  I would be interested in lots
as well as homes.  In case you don't still have it, my address is 8855
Merlin Ct, Houston, TX 77055.

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

David,

For clarity, wherever you cite Section 6.2 in your response I assume you mean Section 6.3.  

Your response does not address the key points upon which I based my interpretation of the plan.  The beginning of Section 6.3 states "Notwithstanding any other provision of the plan?".   This implies that Section 6.3 contains the complete rules for an accelerated distribution.  I disagree with your translation of "a single sum distribution" as meaning all at once instead of a single amount.  I would like to meet to discuss or appeal to Greg W. or John L.   In addition, your response does not address Section 7.1.  This appears to be the relevant section if the PSA is to be paid in shares.  Additionally the Q & A section in the plan brochure (pg. 8) works through an example of adjusting the number of shares to retain a certain dollar value.  This is the methodology described in Section 7.1.

Tom Martin and Scott Neal share the above concerns.  Please advise of a convenient time we can all meet to discuss further.

Phillip  

For purposes of an accelerated distribution from the PSA,  a "single sum distribution," in Section 6.2 means that a PSA account is distributed all at once, as distinguished from another form of payout as may have been selected by a participant in his or her deferral agreement.  

Section 6.2 is clear in that the account balance shall be determined as of the last day of the month preceding the date on which the Committee receives the written request of the Participant.  A PSA account balance is reflected in shares of stock since the form of distribution is shares of stock.

Additionally, any portion of a PSA balance attributable to deferral of restricted stock is administered under Sections 3.5 and 3.6 and Exhibit A of the Plan. This section is applicable now as we are accelerating the distribution of PSA balances created with deferrals of restricted stock.  The Plan indicates that upon death, disability, retirement or termination, the share units are converted to shares which are issued to the executive according to the payment election made by the executive at the time of the deferral election.  

      Therefore the distribution you will receive in shares is correct and we do not agree with your interpretation of the plan.

Heather,

Did you attach the file to this email?

Attached is the Delta position for 1/16, 1/30, 6/19, 7/13, 9/21

Heather,

This is exactly what we need.  Would it possible to add the prior day for each of the dates below to the pivot table.  In order to validate the curve shift on the dates below we also need the prior days ending positions.

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

Attached is the Delta position for 1/18, 1/31, 6/20, 7/16, 9/24

 << File: west_delta_pos.xls >> 

Let me know if you have any questions.

Heather

Michelle,

Please send the revised agreements when you get a chance.  I spoke to Mike B. this afternoon and agreed to move the deadline to Friday, August 17, 2001.

Phillip

 <<Utility Construction Escrow AM (AMHPLeander).DOC>>

Phillip,

Enclosed is the Utility Construction Escrow Agreement for your execution in
connection with the closing on the property located in Leander, Texas.
Please review the enclosed document and contact me at (512) 370-2836 or Mike
Bobinchuck with any questions or concerns.  Thanks.

Michelle L. Simpkins
Winstead Sechrest & Minick P.C.
100 Congress Avenue, Suite 800
Austin, Texas  78701
(512) 370-2836
(512) 370-2850 Fax
msimpkins@winstead.com

 - Utility Construction Escrow AM (AMHPLeander).DOC << File: Utility Construction Escrow AM (AMHPLeander).DOC >> 

Ray asked me to notice tomorrow's meeting as he is traveling today.

Please let me know if there are other items to add to the agenda. 

PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDAR
Date:			Every Thursday
Time: 			7:30 am Pacific, 9:30 am Central, and 10:30 am Eastern time
 Number: 		1-888-271-0949 
 Host Code:		661877 (for Ray only)
 Participant Code:	936022 (for everyone else)

The table of the on-going FERC issues and proceedings is available to all team members on the O drive. Please feel free to revise/add to/ update this table as appropriate.

Proposed agenda for tomorrow:

1. Comments on July 10 CAISO tariff filing due Thursday
2. Comments on the WSCC-wide price mitigation due August 18th
 3.  CA refund  proceeding update and upcoming FERC hearings 
 4.  PacNW refund    proceeding update 
 5.  CEOB expedited rehearing request .   Reply by IEP?
6. letter to CAISO re: whether DWR is a credit worthy counter party 
 7.  DSTAR update

Vail sounds good.  If we are only going downhill our legs shouldn't be too =
wiped out after the morning.  We will be on rented bikes, but I'm sure we c=
an keep them for the day.

I don't know much about the Beaver Creek trails although I am sure they are=
 decent.  Barry heard we will all being doing down hill only at Beaver Cree=
k, so we must be riding the chairlifts.  Saturday afternoon at Vail sounds =
great.  I can bring my truck and we can just drive over with the bikes.  Th=
e trails are well marked and we can either ride up or do the chair lifts th=
ere.  Depends on what you guys think you want to ride.  We could do a coupl=
e of cross country trails and then hit the world cup downhill or we we coul=
d do all downhill there as well.  I am open.=20
Are you going to just rent a bike?

Mark,

The planned mountain bike activity is on Beaver Creek Mountain.  Do you kno=
w what kind of trails are there?  There is a break on Saturday after lunch.=
  The trails at Vail sound great.  Hunter and I would definitely be up for =
trying them out.   Let's set it up.  Let me know if you can book a side tri=
p or if you want me to try.

Thanks,

Phillip=20
Do you know what they are planning for Mountain Biking?  Hopefully it is no=
t just paved bike trails.  If you and Hunter want to we can schedule a side=
 trip if we get a break.  The trails at Vail are the ones they use for the =
World Cup Championships.  The downhill is awsome.  Let me know.

Mark

Please find attached details for the forthcoming Enron Americas Management =
Offsite. There are group actions which need to be completed before arriving=
 in Beaver Creek.=20
The Offsite will involve meetings, mountain biking and white water rafting =
(grade 3), so please bring appropriate clothing. For those who have not bee=
n rafting before appropriate clothing would be swimwear, sports shoes, hat,=
 shorts and T-shirt. Life jackets will be provided. The accommodation will =
be in condominiums in Beaver Creek and room assignments are also attached b=
elow.=20
Transportation=20
The attached agenda outlines the transportation requirements for those depa=
rting from Houston. It is assumed that all members of the ESA team will als=
o travel to and from Houston with the Houston based employees. Dorie Hitchc=
ock will be contacting those of you separately who are not traveling to and=
 from Houston.=20
Video=20
You each have been assigned to a group for the sole purpose of completing a=
 video prior to attending the Offsite. The video filming should be complete=
d and on a VHS tape prior to departure for Beaver Creek. The purpose of thi=
s video is to provide a comic interlude to the proceedings. The videos will=
 be seen prior to dinner on Friday night at Saddleridge. The video should b=
e about  5 minutes in length, on a VHS tape and there is a zero budget assi=
gned to the production of the video. Each team has been given a title which=
 is open to interpretation (see attached spreadsheet).
Please find attached the following information:=20
(i) Attendees and Teams for Video=20
(ii) Draft Agenda=20
Any questions or concerns should be addressed to Dorie Hitchcock (Ext 36978=
)=20
We look forward to seeing you in Beaver Creek.=20
John & Louise
=20
 << File: offsite1.xls >>  << File: 01lavaugcolagenda1.xls >>=20

Jean,

Dave Forster is out of town.  Do you think we will be able to shoot, edit, and add music to the video using Dwight's camera?  

Phillip

Okay gang... Oxley is game!  

David,  Please attend the meetings below.  Of course you will have to sign a non-compete, non-solicitation agreement for the "PRC" video.  

Regards, Mrha
Please plan to attend the above referenced meeting.  Details as follows:

	Date:		Friday, August 10th
	Time:		3:00 - 5:00 PM
	Location:	EB 3567
	Subject:	Management Offsite Pre-Filming Meeting
	Invitees:		Jean Mrha
			Phillip Allen
			Allan Keel
			Fred Lagrasta
			Carl Tricoli
			Don Miller

	Date:		Monday, August 13th
	Time:		6:00 PM
	Location:	TBD
	Subject:	Management Offsite Filming Meeting
	Invitees:		Jean Mrha
			Phillip Allen
			Allan Keel
			Fred Lagrasta
			Carl Tricoli
			Don Miller

Dinner will be provided for the meeting on Monday at 6 pm.  Jean is thinking of ordering pizza from Birra Poretti's.  If anyone has any other recommendations please let me know.  Notes from yesterday's meeting will be forwarded shortly.  

If you have any questions, please give me a call at x37960.

Regards,
Melissa Jones

Jean,

Please have Melissa send down the CD or give me a call and I will come get it.

Thanks,
Phillip

Kirk,

Andy Lewis, a director on the Central Desk, has agreed to participate as a content SME.  I plan on being heavily involved in reviewing the content as well.

Phillip

Phillip, John & Dutch
I want to personally thank you for supporting the BRM deal and I look forward to working with each of you to make this deal a success. I have provided the email below for your information.  The current next steps are as follows:

Yevgeny & I will meet with Vince Kaminski (tomorrow) to get his support as an Exec SME and get his nominee for content SME;
Phillip will provide his nominee for content SME (by tomorrow);
I will contact both Phillip's & Vince's content SME nominee (By Wednesday); and
All SME's will meet and have a demo provided by Accenture. (as soon as possible and feasible based on schedules)

Thus the SME picture should look like  this

Exec SME's : Phillip, Vince, & John
Content SME: Dutch, Phillip's Nominee, Vince's Nominee, Mark Reese and a structuring nominee (Phillip can you provide me with your suggestions again, Thanks)

If you have any questions contact me at your convenience.

Again Thanks!

Cheers
Kirk
713 345 3385 work
713 303 4292 cell
713 961 7604 home
donald.l.barnhart@accenture.com on 08/13/2001 04:35:34 PM
Kirk, here are two documents I have revised, assuming a start date for the
week of August 24 for actual content work/design, not just kick off.  This
slips our delivery into the new year.  Please review and let's talk about
them the next time we meet.  I hope your meetings are going well.

List of deliverables and tentative and aggressive due dates, all to be
revised once we start.  In addition, as we move through design, many of
these deliverables will become unit based to ease our tracking of progress,
but since we don't know how many topics/expert stories... that we are
building, it is difficult to create that tracking now.

(See attached file: Deliverables Tracking 081301.xls)

Here is the revised list I mentioned as our SME goals each week, assuming a
start as stated above.
(See attached file: SME Meeting Schedule 081301.doc)

I look forward to talking with you tomorrow.  Give me a call and let me
know how things are going.

Donald L. Barnhart
Houston
837/1591
713-837-1591
 - Deliverables Tracking 081301.xls << File: Deliverables Tracking 081301.xls >> 
 - SME Meeting Schedule 081301.doc << File: SME Meeting Schedule 081301.doc >> 

Michelle,

I have executed the Warranty Deed, First Amendment, and the Escrow Agreement.  I am waiting for the agreement that replaces paragraph 7D in the original Escrow Agreement.  Once you email me that document, I will execute it and overnight all 4 documents to you.  

Phillip
Phillip,

I spoke to Wendy this morning who mentioned that you would be signing both
the Special Warranty Deed and the First Amendment and FedExing both
documents to me.  Enclosed please find the Deed and the First Amendment.
Please compare the enclosed Deed with the version of the Deed in your
possession.  I don't think anything has changed, but I want to make sure
that the version of the Deed you sign is the latest version.  Also enclosed
is the First Amendment.  The only change to this document from the version I
e-mailed to you a few days ago is the insertion of "June 29, 2001" as the
date the Title Company acknowledged receipt of AMHP's $25,000 Extension Fee.

Please sign both documents and FedEx them to me at the address described
below.  If you have any questions or concerns, please contact me at (512)
370-2836 or Mike Bobinchuck at (512) 703-5000.  Thanks.

Michelle L. Simpkins
Winstead Sechrest & Minick P.C.
100 Congress Avenue, Suite 800
Austin, Texas  78701
(512) 370-2836
(512) 370-2850 Fax
msimpkins@winstead.com

 - Special Warranty Deed (AllenAgape).DOC << File: Special Warranty Deed (AllenAgape).DOC >> 
 - First Amendment to Contract (AMHPLeander).DOC << File: First Amendment to Contract (AMHPLeander).DOC >> 

Greg,

Here is the story with Bobinchuck's bonds.  They are being placed privately with a fund of investors.  The interest is 7.7% with no credit enhancement.  I guess Agape is the 501-c-3 nonprofit.  That's why he has flexibility with the timing.

Philip

Richard,

Here is the power point presentation.  Also, the web address below contains the music we want to use.

 

<http://www.theadversary.com/music/music.htm>

If you right click on a song and choose Save Target As you can save the songs to a file.

I will see you tomorrow morning at 8 AM.  You can reach me at 713-853-7041(w) or 713-463-8626(h)

Phillip Allen

Richard,

Here is the power point presentation.  Also, the web address below contains the music we want to use.

 

<http://www.theadversary.com/music/music.htm>

If you right click on a song and choose Save Target As you can save the songs to a file.

I will see you tomorrow morning at 8 AM.  You can reach me at 713-853-7041(w) or 713-463-8626(h)

Phillip Allen

Why is the body shop being closed?  Why can't it continued to be operated on a reduced staff with out exercise classes?

The decision to close the Body Shop came after the December 15 payroll run, so you will incur a deduction on your December 15 paycheck.  However, Payroll will refund those charges on your December 31 paycheck.  

As a reminder the Body Shop will be open from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. today through Friday, December 14, to allow members to retrieve personal items from lockers.  

Thank you.  

Jeanie,

Can you send me a list of performance review that I have not completed?

Thanks,
Phillip

As a reminder:

 Signed reviews for each of your direct reports are due to me tomorrow.  

Your stats are listed below and we still have quite a bit of work to do. As a group, I have only receive 15% of the reviews to be completed.

You will continue to recieve emails from me until you reach 100%. 

If you had an employee who was ranked in the 3 for non-exempt(clerks,asst) or a 5 for exempt(analyst and above), you are required to submit a review and a performance improvement plan to me for legal review prior to your discussions with the employee.  

If you have any questions or need any assistance, please give me X53847 or Sarah Zarkowsky(an assoc in my group) X53791a call.

Thanks for your cooperation as we finish up the mid-year process.

NAME	% COMPLETE	
Albert McMichael Jr.	10%	
Barry L. Tycholiz	0%	
Brian Redmond	100%	
C. John Thompson	0%	
Frank W. Vickers	0%	
Fred D. Lagrasta	50%	
Hunter Shiveley	0%	
Jean M. Mrha	8%	
John D. Arnold	0%	
Julie Gomez	100%	
Laura Luce	0%	
Michael D. Grigsby	100%	
Phillip K. Allen	78%	
Scott D. Josey	0%	
Scott M. Neal	0%	
Thomas Martin	33%	

Rick,

Here is the table to insert during Oxley's introduction.  Maybe you could flash to this screen while he speaks.  If you can read my notes, the second Oxley intro has a better audio reference to the skewed distribution.  That might be useful.

 
Can you send me an email confirming receipt.

Phillip

Erik,

All of the desk heads are leaving for an offsite this afternoon through this weekend.  Monday would be better.  I would like to schedule meetings for you with several people on the gas floor.  I will have Ina Rangel arrange this for Monday afternoon.

Phillip

Phillip,

I wanted to try to set up an appointment with you regarding any opportunities on the gas desk.

I have worked for Jean Mrha, Greg Woulfe and Jim Fallon managing the advertising trading in EBS and formerly on the Coal desk for Dan Reck and George McClellan.

How does your schedule look this afternoon or Friday?

Thanks for your time,

Erik Simpson
3-0600

Kirk,

Berney's last name is spelled AUCOIN.  His number is ext. 34784.  Ed McMichael's number is ext. 37657.

Andy Lewis will be the subject matter expert along with myself.

Phillip

Chris,

Can you use your connections to request access to the East Power website for the following:

Hunter Shively
Mike Grigsby
Scott Neal
John Arnold
Tom Martin
Phillip Allen
Jim Schwieger

Thanks,

Phillip

Greg,

This spreadsheet is an attempt to outline supply & demand in San Marcos by unit.  Next, I want to look at the numbers by bedroom.  Let's compare numbers.

Here is a list of questions:

1.	Unit mixes of all proposed projects.
2.	Completion date of  Blazer Development (220), Capstone (270), Melrose (202), Bonner-Carr. (186)
3.	Is the Capstone 270 units or 270 beds?

 
This spreadsheet illustrates that supply will exceed demand in 2002 but demand will catch up in 2003-2005.  San Marcos will have over 6,000 units.  If the 350 excess units in 2002 were distributed over the entire population that would push occupancy down by 5%.  That would not be a disaster.

Tomorrow, I would like to refine this spreadsheet and try to support some of the population and job growth assumptions with more current data.

Let me know what you think.

Phillip

Please add Mike Grigsby to the distribution list.

Attached is a draft of our rehearing request on the order FERC issued in RM01-9 requiring sellers of gas into California to file information on their sales, transport, and purchases.  The rehearing request restates our arguments in response to the NOPR  that (1) permanent, formal reporting requirements are not appropriate to address a temporary problem and are beyond the scope of the Commission's powers under the Natural Gas Act and (2) the commission significantly underestimated the burden of the reporting requirements as well as the responding parties' ability to comply.  We also request that the reports, if they must be submitted, be due 45 days after the end of the month instead of the required 30 days.
Please provide any comments or suggestions you may have on this draft to either myself (713-853-5840) or Leslie (505-623-6778) by COB Wednesday (8/22).  
 << File: RM01-9 Rehearing Drft1.doc >> 

Thanks.

Jacques,

Hope all is fine with your wife.  

I would like to get the Stagecoach release finalized.  Kevin Kolb is waiting for our comments on the latest draft he faxed you.  
If it looks ok to you let's sign it and move on.

Phillip

I have been riding my bike to work a couple of times each week and lifting with Matt.  I thought you came in later.  

are you still working out in the mornings?  i cannot find anyone to lift in the mornings.  let me know if you have been hitting it solo and could use a good spotter.  i finally got a bike rack put on my car.  gonna try and hit memorial this weekend.  have you been lately?

ckl

Here is the file of historical midmarkets for Sumas and Malin.  Call me if you have any questions.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

sumas / malin info:

 

-randy

Jeff,

JP Morgan is comparing a file of calculated daily curve shift to actual P&L.  Gas P&L for 2001 was 1.2 Billion but the theoretical curve shift was -13 million.  This is from a file assembled by David Port which is attached.  The biggest difference is 9/14 ($500 million).  This is probably money coming out of reserves.  Besides that day there are many smaller differences.  Can you help me by pulling the P&L packets from some of the larger days?  The answer might be that the file from RAC is bogus.  

Phillip 

 

Here is the file of historical midmarkets for Sumas and Malin.  Call me if you have any questions.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

sumas / malin info:

 << File: Phillip-malin&sumas info.xls >> 

-randy

Good morning. My name is Nancy Turner, and I have recently joined Kristin Walsh's competitive analysis group where I follow gas industry issues. 

As you may recall, earlier this summer we informed you that El Paso's line 1110 had been brought down for repair, pigging and OPS review.  Our sources at El Paso and OPS have indicated to us this week that line 1110 is expected to come back online on September 1st.  We understand that the throughput on the entire system at that time should be at least 920 Mmcf/d (same as before it went offline). However, there is a strong possibility that OPS may grant the system permission to return to it's full capacity at 1.1 Bcf/d on September 1st.

We are trying to obtain more information on the capacity issue and hope to have this confirmed early next week.  We will keep you posted, but if you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at X 51623 or Kristin at X 39510.

Nancy Turner
Enron Americas - Houston, TX
Phone: (713) 345-1623
Fax: (713) 345-7297
nancy.turner@enron.com <mailto:nancy.turner@enron.com>

Greg,

Please call or email with an update on Bank One and permitting process.

Phillip

Phillip;

I see that you talked to Andrew this afternoon so that you have an understanding of where we are on that front.

I am still analyzing the demand/supply numbers we talked about.  I am going to be working in Austin in the morning and San Marcos in the afternoon.

I have a number of things to verify before I feel I can finish the supply/demand question accurately.  I also need to follow up on the permits and see where they are in process, I need to check on Tas review and a number of other items.

Talk to you soon.

Greg T.

The Enron Center Garage has opened.

Employees who work for business units that are scheduled to move to the new building and are currently parking in an Enron Contract garage you are being offered a parking space in the new Enron Center garage.

This is the only offer you will receive during the initial migration to the new garage. Spaces will be filled on a first come first served basis. The cost for the new garage will be the same as Allen Center garage which is currently $165.00 per month, less the company subsidy, leaving a monthly employee cost of $94.00.

If you choose not to accept this offer at this time, you may add your name to the Enron Center garage waiting list at a later day and offers will be made as spaces become available. 

The  Sky Ring  that connects the garage and both buildings will not be opened until summer 2001. All initial parkers will have to use the street level entrance to Enron Center North until  Sky Ring access is available. Garage stairways next to the elevator lobbies at each floor may be used as an exit in the event of elevator trouble. 

If you are interested in accepting this offer, please reply via email to Parking and Transportation as soon as you reach a decision. Following your email, arrangements will be made for you to turn in your old parking card and receive a parking transponder along with a an information packet for the new garage.

The Parking and Transportation desk may be reached via email at Parking and Transportation/Corp/Enron or 713-853-7060  with any questions. 

Aplusmath.com    Creates flashcards and worksheets for +-*/ 

Jeanie,

If an employee voluntarily terminates, how long do they have to exercise their options.  Hypothetically, of course.

Phillip

Any word on the release agreement?  Have you sent all the comments back to Kevin Kolb?  I can't tell if they are the hold-up or if we are.
I am going to be in San Marcos next Friday.  It would be good if we could have things signed by then so we can exchange funds.
Please email with status update.

Phillip

Have you heard anything from Bank One today?

Matt,

Please stop doing trades without approval.  Please advise why this is so difficult for you.

Thanks,
Bill

Matt,
As we discussed several times previously, including earlier this week, Nine Energy Services LLC is a CREDIT WATCH COUNTERPARTY and a WMBE (Women and Minority owned Business Enterprises), which means that ALL trades need to be approved by Credit and documented with a Resale Agreement. Every time we transact, ENA's Confirmation Group needs to know from whom to expect payment, i.e. San Diego Gas & Electric. The nature of the transaction exposes ENA to secondary risk with the ultimate counterparty. On another note, some transactions COULD be declined by Credit due to direct exposure/risk that the ENA has with the Counterparty, outside of any WMBE Transactions. 

Sitara Deal Number 1014433 was another violation of Corporate Credit Policy. In the future, please contact Credit before transacting with any Credit Watch Counterparty.

-Darren Vanek

Mike,

How did the school board meeting go last night?  

Phillip

Jeff Gosset is going to pull the P&L packet from the days with the biggest discrepancy and we will go from there.

How are we handling the Steven Allen?

Jeff,

I got your voice mail about the school board.  That is good news.  Let me know when the closing is rescheduled.

Thanks,

Phillip

Jeff,

I got your voice mail about the school board approval.  That's good news.  Let me know when the closing is rescheduled.

Phillip

According to Jacques, the release is with the Kuo's attorney, Kevin Kolb.  I just spoke to Kevin.  The Kuo's have been away on vacation.  He is going to try and get things finalized this week.  It sounds like they want to sign and exchange money in person.  This Saturday afternoon in Seguin will probably be  the most convenient time.  I will let you know when I hear more from Kevin Kolb.

Phillip

Any word from Jaques on the Seguin deal?

Ina,

Gracie finally sent the CPE credit information.  Thanks for staying on top of it.

Is there somewhere online that I can find my YTD wages and taxes withheld.  I know it was on the pay stub from last week, but I threw that one away before I realized I needed the info.  If I can't find it online, can you get payroll to print out another check stub from 8/31.  I need to do some income tax calculations.

Thanks,

Phillip

Jeff,

According to Kevin Kolb, he has a meeting with the Kuo's today to give a final blessing to the release.  He doesn't foresee any issues.  If they are ok with the document, they want to sign and exchange checks in person.  I will be in San Marcos this weekend.  Saturday at 3 PM in Seguin would work well for me.  He is proposing that time to the Kuo's.  How does your schedule look?  It would be nice to finally put this behind us.

Any word on a closing date for Leander?

Phillip

They cannot meet on Saturday.  I will probably meet them in Columbus on Monday or Tuesday.  I will let you know when.

Phillip

Phillip,

I am leaving tomorrow morning.  Have you worked out a time to meet the
Kuo's?  I can overnight you my check to present to them on Sat. if they have
signed the release.

Let me know what you want to do.

Thanks.

Jeff

That should be ok.  I will give you a call on Tuesday morning.  A

Still no word on the Leander closing?

I will not return until Monday night.  See if they can wait until Tuesday or
Wednesday.

Thanks.

Jeff

Jacques,

I sent you a fax of Kevin Kolb's comments on the release.  The payoff on the note would be $36,248 ($36090(principal) + $158 (accrued interest)).
This is assuming we wrap this up on Tuesday.  

Please email to confirm that their changes are ok so I can set up a meeting on Tuesday to reach closure.

Phillip

Jacques,

I sent you a fax of Kevin Kolb's comments on the release.  The payoff on the note would be $36,248 ($36090(principal) + $158 (accrued interest)).
This is assuming we wrap this up on Tuesday.  

Please email to confirm that their changes are ok so I can set up a meeting on Tuesday to reach closure.

Phillip

Mac,

The IRS address for estimated payments is:  PO Box 970001;  St. Louis, MO 63197-0001

Keith

PS:  Please confirm receipt of this message.

Three more deals in San Antonio.

 - emilie onsale.doc 
 - rayburn onsale.doc 
 - wildflower onsale.doc 

Jacques,

Once you make the changes to the release, please fax a copy to Kevin Kolb.  I am going to try and meet Pauline Kuo on Tuesday or Wednesday to wrap things up.  In addition to the release, I will need the guarantee and a release of lien for the smaller note.  I will speak to you on Monday.  Hope things are going well with your wife.

Phillip

Phillip,  
      Thanks for the info. The changes are alright. I will make the  
revisions and call you. I am at MD Anderson tomorrow morning, so it will  
probably be late tomorrow or over the weekend. We will coordinate Monday  
morning so I can get you everything you need for the closing. Thanks. Jacques

That's great.  Your guys seem fired up about this program.  We need something like this in Houston to boost morale.

It makes me miss Portland.

Check out this web site.  We are competing with all companies in Portland for who can ride the most to work for the month of September.  We are going to win.  We have about 130 people in the office which produces about 5,000 trips (each way counts as one).  This week, we cycled 200+ trips.  The winner last year won with 12%.  We're going to get 15+%.  Then we'll shut up those left leaning, Enron bashing Portland people.

http://westpower/BikeCommute/default.asp

Can you send me a schedule of meetings?  Is there one today?

Phillip

Phillip,

I have attached a list of the Common Mistakes we have compiled for the Risk
Management Simulation. We thought this would be a good starting point for
our discussion of examples and scenarios at next Tuesday's meeting. Any
stories you have related to these mistakes will be extremely helpful.
During the meeting, we can also get from you the names of anyone else who
might be able to provide us with good examples of these mistakes.

Please let me know if you have any questions.
Mery

(See attached file: CM-Enron.xls)
This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in error,
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
use of the email by you is prohibited.
 - CM-Enron.xls << File: CM-Enron.xls >> 

Jacques,

Did you get a chance to look at the release?  Drop me a note when you can.

Phillip

Thanks.  I am waiting to speak to Pauline Kuo to schedule a time and place to meet her this week.  Hopefully we can meet Tuesday or Wednesday.  I will swing by your office to pick up the documents.

Phillip

Phillip, 
      I sent you a note that the changes have been made and faxed to Kevin.  
Call me to arrange to pick up the originals or have them delivered where you  
need them.  
                                                                         
Thanks, 
                                                                              
 Jacques

Mike,

Can you send me a status update when you get a chance.

Thank you,

Phillip

Yevgeny,

Can you send me a schedule of meetings.  I don't know if we have one today or not.   I have a doctors appointment this afternoon so I can't make it today.

Phillip

It is time for the Ultra outing event aboard the Ultra Sailing Yacht!   We
will have food, drinks, and fun to mark the Enron Risk
Management Simulation Initiative!

For a picture of the boat and more information, click on this link

ULTRA website http://home.flash.net/~ultratri/

Plan to attend September 13th:    Boarding 5:30-6:00PM 
(Don't be late  the boat may sail!!!)
                    Sailing, dinner, drinks 6:00-9/10:00 PM.

Requirements:  Bring your fun and significant others (one guest please) 

DO NOT BRING/WEAR: mid to high heeled shoes, black soled tennis shoes, glass or bottles, cigars

Location:      Ultra Sailing Charters
          2500 South Shore Blvd
          Nassau Bay, Texas 77058
          281-333-2063
                        

Directions:

(Embedded image moved to file: pic10548.pcx)
Turn East on 518
Turn left on Marina Bay Drive
Turn Left on South Shore Blvd.
Park in the Hotel parking lot on the left.
Look for the Ultra Sailboat.

Picture of the Boat << File: pic10548.pcx >> 

 << File: c-boat.jpg >> 

Yevgeny,

In light of this mornings events, most of the trading floor is leaving.  So we will have to do the meeting tomorrow.

Phillip

Phillip,
Here is the current schedule. You have a meeting tomorrow at 3 pm-5 pm. It will take place in the same room on 18th floor 3 AC
 18 << File: Hexagon SME Sign.doc >>  

 

Report is divided into Market Updates; Transportation/Infrastructure Updates; and Political Updates.  For further information, contact:

Robert Johnston x39934
Clay Seigle x31504 (oil/politics)
Brendan Fitzsimmons x34763 (financial markets)
Kelly Holman x39844 (gas/power infrastructure)

A.	Market Updates

U.S. Markets

?	NYSE and NASDAQ officially closed today.  First time NYSE closed on consecutive days since WW2.  Equity exchange officials to conference call later today to determine restart.
?	NYMEX officially closed today.  No new information on restart.
?	CBOT and CME officially closed today.  No new information on restart.
?	The Group of Seven (G-7) major countries are in talks on emergency policy coordination to prevent further turbulence in global financial markets following the terror attacks against the United States.  No official word yet on coordinated intervention.
?	Lower Manhattan trading infrastructure devastated, but generally backed-up offsite.  Clearinghouse Interbank Payment System (CHIP) continues to operate.
?	Key World Trade Center losses affect insurance, metals trading, major financial houses.  Biggest victims include MSDW, Cantor Fitzgerald, Mizuho Holdings, Bank of America, AON, Lehman Brothers
?	Congress to resume budget debate today; new focus on defense and intelligence spending; likely calls for further fiscal stimulus to reassure consumers.
?	AGA offices in DC to reopen today. AGA report on weekly storage data scheduled for today.

Japan Overnight

Nikkei ended down 6.6% at 9610; TOPIX down 6.4% at 990.80  
Nikkei below 10,000 and lower than Dow for first time since 1950s, now at Dec 1983 levels (w/o accounting for Mar. 2000 tech re-weight); more importantly, the TOPIX went through and closed below 1000 breaking down to early 1998 financial crisis lows.
Citibank market operations "normal," and no problem with settlements today despite evacuation of NY office
Japanese officials report no discussion of FX intervention but that cooperative G-7 intervention available if necessary; BoJ injected Y2 trillion to provide liquidity
Next regular BOJ policy meeting Sept. 18-19.

Europe
?	Currency trading is steady, with the dollar holding firm in European trading.
?	European bourses experience volatility, but drift into negative territory on thin trading.  Institutional investors are largely sidelined.  US stocks cross-listed on European exchanges were hit hard, especially airlines, insurance, and financials.   

Oil Markets

?	Some brokers think it likely IPE Brent trade willinish early, around 1630 GMT, Wed in the absence of Nymex.
?	Bearish Factors: Suspension of commercial air travel and possible mass cancellations once resumed; Falloff in energy demand due to shut businesses; Possible decline in equity markets and renewed fears over recession
?	Bullish Factors: Fear of increased Mideast instability; Possible stockpiling of jet fuel for military use
?	As of this morning, bearish factors seem to have the edge, with Brent Crude trading lower in London.  Bullish factors will depend on how the investigation/response develop
Canada

?	Provincial, territorial and federal mines and energy ministers cancelled the second day of their two-day meeting in Quebec City.
?	Toronto Stock Exchange expected to remain closed today.	

B.	Transportation/Infrastructure Updates

Gas/Power Infrastructure

?	The US Nuclear Regulatory Commission placed all nuclear power plants, research reactors, nuclear fuel facilities and gaseous diffusion plants on the highest level of security alert Tuesday.  No companies have reported a curtailment of generation as a result of yesterday's attack.
?	According to the NY ISO (Independent System Operator) the NY grid was functioning normally following the attacks on the WTC.
?	ConEd went into a "thunderstorm alert", increasing in-city generation.  Electricity, gas and steam service was suspended in an area in SW Manhattan.
?	Natural Gas Intelligence is quoting a source that a force majeure could be declared by pipeline operators as a result of  "confusion regarding accurate registration of nominations."  No other confirmation was available.
?	The Interstate Natural Gas Association of America, which represents the nation's interstate natural gas pipelines, sent out an advisory urging its members follow procedures to increase security.
?	Kinder Morgan's Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America (NGPL) froze the status of its flowing gas volumes no longer accepting any changes to confirmed and scheduled volumes.  Gas scheduled for Tuesday, Sept. 11 will roll forward and this situation will continue until further notice.
?	Enbridge, Alliance, and TransCanada report increased security along pipeline facilities, but no expectations of supply/delivery interruption
BPA operating on skeleton crew.  All non-essential personnel was evacuated, however, no threats against the hydro generator have been issued.
FERC cancelled regular Wednesday meeting, not rescheduled.
Authorities in Chicago barricaded the entrances to power plants and pumping facilities with concrete blocks and heavy trucks.
?	Grand Coulee Dam and powerhouse in Washington state operational, but locked down
?	Hoover Dam on Nevada-Arizona line is locked down.

Refineries/Crude/Products

?	Tosco refinery in Linden NJ closed.  
?	Force Majeure likely to be declared by major crude product receivers in US ports; 
?	LA/Long Beach inspecting all incoming shipping-all incoming ships anchoring seven miles outside port.
?	Louisiana Offshore Oil Port operations suspended pending security inspections.
?	Reports 
?	Despite these problems, The American Petroleum Institute announced overnight that US energy markets were continuing to function smoothly, with oil deliveries "flowing normally" to the country's wholesale and retail markets.

Telecommunications

?	Verizon switch on 10th floor of World Trade Center gone; 50,000 Manhattan lines taken out; Sprint and Verizon report all other data system busy, but operating normally

Air Travel

?	FAA ban on outbound flights until noon EST today at the earliest.
?	Huge logistics headaches and delays expected by airlines and air traffic controllers once US flights resume.
?	Air cargo delays considerable due to rigorous inspections.

Maritime Transportation Conditions

?	St. Lawrence Seaway reopened.  Coast Guard inspections stepped up.
?	New York Port closed, not receiving refined projects- Colonial Pipeline deliveries expected to "catch big premiums."

Border Crossings

?	Security at all US-Canada border crossings on maximum alert.  Bridges/tunnels closed.  Freight forwarders reporting that freight movements over the border have slowed to a trickle.
?	Rail freight moving normally across Canada-US border.
?	US-Mexico border reopen, but subject to delays and inspections on US side.  Mexican officials request that Mexican citizens delay trips to the US.

Political Update

International

US Arab allies (Egypt, Saudi, Jordan, Kuwait, UAE) walking a fine line.  Masses believe US got what it deserves, but leaders have to condemn attacks to maintain relations with Washington.  Moderate Arab leaders are concerned that support for attacks at home -- and possible US reactions to strike -- will increase instability and could lead to major upheaval in their countries.  Saudi sources expect "state of confusion" to exist for immediate period ahead.

In the West, no intelligence or law enforcement agency has anything concrete yet. Everything is therefore speculation, albeit logical speculation. Most importantly, the sophistication means someone bigger than bin Laden was involved, even if he was the final perpetrator. 

Oil Politics

OPEC's Rodriguez has reassured oil markets on supplies, but no high-level Saudi officials have officially echoed this sentiment (nothing from Oil Minister Naimi).  Unofficially, we have reports that Saudi officials reporting that the terrorist incident "relieves pressure on us to make anti-US moves" in oil policy.

Jacques,

Did you receive the fax from Kevin Kolb with a small change on page 2.  It also included the conveyance and assignment document.  Does this look ok to you? Is the language "Transfer will occur when first lien holder, Pacific Southwest Bank, approves the assignment" sufficient?  Hopefully it is ok.  Let me know if it is and I will come by your office to pick up executable copies.

Thank you,

Phillip

Phillip;

These are just what I started with.  I have not really fully looked at each
spreadsheet for error in logic or other.

I notice the primary difference between the existing projects and new
projects is that on an existing project you have to had value to be able to
increase the cash flow to be able to finance out of them to be able to
achieve a decent IRR. Thus you have to pay as little as possible, increase
the cash flow (i.e.-renovations), to compete with the quality of new
construction.  And no I am not making numbers up nor am I sold on new
construction strictly.  I just am working on the best look as possible.

I look forward to discussing this further.

Sincerely,

Greg Thorse

 - Proforma.Sutters Mill.xls 
 - Proforma.Sage Crossing.xls 
 - Proforma.Waters At Bluff Springs.xls 
 - Proforma.South Park.xls 
 - Proforma.Sunrise Canyon.xls 
 - Proforma.SeaBreeze.xls 
 - Proforma.Harvard Place.xls 

John,

Do you still want to get together this week?  

Phillip

 Jeff,

The attorney's are done with the documents.  I have a call in with Pauline to schedule a meeting to sign them.  Most likely in Columbus.  I am waiting to hear from her.

Phillip

Phillip,

I spoke with Doug Bell this AM.  He says AMHP got their letter from the
school last Thurs.  Now they are getting a letter from Sam Olguin for an
easement.  So the ball is back in his court.  Once that happens the deal can
close.

What's up with  Seguin?

Thanks.

Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
2714 Bee Cave Road, Suite 100-D
Austin, Texas  78746
512-732-0009
512-732-0010 fax
512-751-9728 mobile

Greg or Darrell:

Did you get an official rejection or invitation on the New Braunfels project?

Phillip

Greg,

What was the official word on New Braunfels?

Phillip

Agreed. The generator motion is very complete so it would seem to me that our pleading in support can be very short.
GAC
We should definitely support it.  We have the very same issues with the ISO.
Dan, I am interested.  I know that Sue Mara spoke with Ron on this subject also, although I was not on the call.  The matter was not discussed on our Western Wholesale call this morning either, since I did not become aware of it till later.  I would therefore like to receive input from Sue and others on our team about this, getting final sign off to proceed from Linda Robertson and Jim Steffes.  If we elect to proceed, it would be appropriate to bill all participating marketers in equal shares.  Thanks.  Ray
What do you think?
Jeffrey D. (Dan) Watkiss
Bracewell & Patterson, LLP
2000 K St., N.W.
Suite 500
Washington, D.C.   20006-1872
(202) 828-5851
dwatkiss@bracepatt.con
jdwatkiss@aol.com

Cheryl Ryan has raised the suggestion of a joint answer by the Marketer Group in support of the Generators' recent motion on credit issues.  If so, this would need to be done asap.  Please let me know if you are interested in joining in such a pleading.
Thanks.  Ron  

Mery,

The target audience document looks fine.

Phillip

We have begun working on our first deliverables for the Risk Management
Simulation project. The first thing we need your sign-off on is the Target
Audience Analysis. We have defined the key characteristics of our target
audience in order to help us maintain focus as we design the simulation.

I would appreciate it if you could review the attached document and respond
by end of day Monday, the 10th, with either your revisions or your
sign-off. Please let me know if you have any questions.

Thank you.
Mery

(See attached file: Target Audience.doc)
This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in error,
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
use of the email by you is prohibited.
 - Target Audience.doc << File: Target Audience.doc >> 

Scott, Phillip, Tom and Hunter -

Nine Energy Services LLC is a Woman and Minority Business Enterprise (WMBE) counterparty with whom ENA has been conducting physical gas business under our standard WMBE agreement.  Nine Energy has refused to remit payment via wire transfer, per the terms of our agreement, and we are now placing them on NO TRADES status.  Absolutely no trades can be conducted with this counterparty without full upfront payment.

Please pass this message to the originators on your desks.  Thanks for your help; please call me with any questions.

Jay Willams

Congratulations.  Glad to hear you made it.  You are in elite company.  

Horrible events this week!!  Hope you did not know anyone involved.
Thought I would share my recent accomplishment with you, given you have
pretty much known me since I did my first Triathlon at Cinco Ranch about 4
years ago now I believe.  Did my first ironman last Saturday up at Lake
Geneva in Wisconsin.  Very long day and the hardest thing I have ever done,
but I finished which was my ultimate goal.

I would gladly trade it in to bring back some of the lost souls from
Tuesday, but unfortunately I do not have that power.

Hope everything is splendid with you.  Talk to you soon,

Al Pollard
The New Power Company
apollard@newpower.com
(713) 345-8781

My guess at your time is 11 hrs 10 minutes.  Was I close?
Horrible events this week!!  Hope you did not know anyone involved.
Thought I would share my recent accomplishment with you, given you have
pretty much known me since I did my first Triathlon at Cinco Ranch about 4
years ago now I believe.  Did my first ironman last Saturday up at Lake
Geneva in Wisconsin.  Very long day and the hardest thing I have ever done,
but I finished which was my ultimate goal.

I would gladly trade it in to bring back some of the lost souls from
Tuesday, but unfortunately I do not have that power.

Hope everything is splendid with you.  Talk to you soon,

Al Pollard
The New Power Company
apollard@newpower.com
(713) 345-8781

Don,

Jeff Gosset runs the risk management group.  I spoke to him about including a module on how the books work.  He liked the concept and is willing to sit down with you to discuss further.  His number is X37306.  He is expecting a call to set up a meeting.

Phillip

Tim,

Please clarify what is not right so I may make changes.  I have received
verbal approval from Phillip today in our meeting.

Donald L. Barnhart
Houston
837/1591
713-837-1591

            "O'rourke, Tim"
This looks about right.

We have begun working on our first deliverables for the Risk Management
Simulation project. The first thing we need your sign-off on is the
Target
Audience Analysis. We have defined the key characteristics of our target
audience in order to help us maintain focus as we design the simulation.

I would appreciate it if you could review the attached document and
respond
by end of day Monday, the 10th, with either your revisions or your
sign-off. Please let me know if you have any questions.

Thank you.
Mery

(See attached file: Target Audience.doc)
This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in
error,
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
use of the email by you is prohibited.

Phillip;

These are just what I started with.  I have not really fully looked at each
spreadsheet for error in logic or other.

I notice the primary difference between the existing projects and new
projects is that on an existing project you have to had value to be able to
increase the cash flow to be able to finance out of them to be able to
achieve a decent IRR. Thus you have to pay as little as possible, increase
the cash flow (i.e.-renovations), to compete with the quality of new
construction.  And no I am not making numbers up nor am I sold on new
construction strictly.  I just am working on the best look as possible.

I look forward to discussing this further.

Sincerely,

Greg Thorse

 - Proforma.Sutters Mill.xls 
 - Proforma.Sage Crossing.xls 
 - Proforma.Waters At Bluff Springs.xls 
 - Proforma.South Park.xls 
 - Proforma.Sunrise Canyon.xls 
 - Proforma.SeaBreeze.xls 
 - Proforma.Harvard Place.xls 

Can you approve this invoice or show me how to get into this system?

Thank you,

Phillip

Alert!
You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.  It is critical that you login to iPayit and take immediate action to resolve this invoice.

Remember, you play an important role in ensuring that we pay our vendors on time.

Tip!:  You must login to the system to forward this invoice to another user.

You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box
that is past due.  Please login to iPayit and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.

To launch iPayit, click on the link below:
<http://iPayit.enron.com>
Note:  Your iPayit User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.

First time iPayit user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
<http://sap.enron.com/sap_doclib/user/file_list.asp?cabinet_id=265>

Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.

If you are in Europe, please contact European Accounts Payable at +44 20 7783 7520.

Alert!
You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box that is past due.  It is critical that you login to iPayit and take immediate action to resolve this invoice.

Remember, you play an important role in ensuring that we pay our vendors on time.

Tip!:  You must login to the system to forward this invoice to another user.

You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iPayit in-box
that is past due.  Please login to iPayit and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.

To launch iPayit, click on the link below:
<http://iPayit.enron.com>
Note:  Your iPayit User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.

First time iPayit user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
<http://sap.enron.com/sap_doclib/user/file_list.asp?cabinet_id=265>

Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.

If you are in Europe, please contact European Accounts Payable at +44 20 7783 7520.

John,

The spreadsheet below ("Valuation Summary..") calculates the value Enron would realize if we turned back the capacity or released it at full tolls.  As of 9/17 mids, the 200,000/d leg would generate $16,918,907 if turned back.  There is still a substantial amount of value above variable costs on the books.  For 03-06, variable costs are around $0.15 but the mid-market spread is $0.45.  The PV volume for that term is 22,000 contracts.  

Phillip 
 
 

Jacques,

If you can believe it I have been unable to get with Pauline Kuo to sign all the agreements.  Kevin Kolb sent me additional comments on Monday.
I faxed those to you.  Can you please make the changes to the "Receipt of Payment".  I can change and initial the small change on the settlement agreement or if you email the document I will change it on the computer.

It would be easier if you could email me the documents so I can print out originals here.  

Thank you,

Phillip 

Jeff,

In light of the puny VAR allotments attributed to the simulated trading participants, we have decided to graduate Matt Smith from the exercise.  Please advise Kimat Singla it will no longer be necessary to calculate a simulated book for Matt Smith.  Please use his COB 9/25/01 P&L as his official score for this exercise and post his total on the High Score table under the initials MDS.

Thank you,

Phillip 

This is a list of common mistakes.  However, as the group works together to create exercises and scenarios for the simulation many additional ideas will be generated.  I don't want to hold up this document.  I just want everyone to be aware that it is not all inclusive.

Phillip

Gentlemen
Please take  a look at the attached document. Provide me with your final input, if any, in so that I can give Accenture Sign off acceptance. This document includes input Accenture received or derived from yesterday's Design Scope meeting.

Tim do you still want to include on this document the issue around "Not listening to "Customer'/ Misjudging customers needs & risk"? Or do you feel it fits into one of the 8 high level buckets listed in the attachment. 

I request everyone's input by COB, Wednesday 9/26 in so that if changes are needed we can still get final sign off by COB Friday 9/28. Thanks

 - Common Mistakes-Sim.doc << File: Common Mistakes-Sim.doc >> 

Kirk,

This document is fine.

Gentlemen
Please take  a look at the attached document. Provide me with your final input, if any, in so that I can give Accenture Sign off acceptance. This document includes input Accenture received or derived from yesterday's Design Scope meeting.

Tim
Your initial concerns around Processes and Knowledge Acquisition were relayed to Accenture and they stated that these will be addressed in the learning objectives, which will be the more detail backup to this high level documents.

Yevgeny
Your Fundamentals issue was handled by the i.e. notation on this document. In addition, Accenture said Yes that this document is aligned with the Topics Document and will be aligned with the more detailed back up document (i.e. Outline) that will support the Topics Document.

I request everyone's input by COB, Wednesday 9/26 in so that if changes are needed we can still get final sign off by COB Friday 9/28. Thanks

Cheers
Kirk

 - Performance Objectives-Sim.doc << File: Performance Objectives-Sim.doc >> 

Kirk,

I would modify this document slightly.  The first section is titled "Introduction to Risk Management" and the second section is "Hedging Instruments/Risk Management Products".  However, many of the bullet points in the first section are describing hedging instruments that belong in second section.  I would limit the introduction to types of risk, identifying risk, and examples when risks are not hedged.  Then the second section should contain all the details of hedging tools.  Definitions of derivatives and how they can be used to manage the risk in the first section would be in this section.  The third section would include the roles and accounting basics.  You might want to include the commodity 101 info here, at least gas and power.

Phillip

Gentlemen
Please take  a look at the attached document. Provide me with your final input, if any, in so that I can give Accenture Sign off acceptance. This document includes input Accenture received or derived from yesterday's Design Scope meeting.

I request everyone's input by COB, Thursday 9/27 in so that if changes are needed we can still get final sign off by COB Friday 9/28 or Monday 10/1. Thanks

Cheers
Kirk

 - Topics and Related Objectives.doc << File: Topics and Related Objectives.doc >> 

 
 
I was just talking to counsel in Phoenix who informed me that a number of planned merchant generators in Arizona were in danger of being killed by the Arizona Corporation Commission.  There are apparently concerns with interconnecting these plants where existing plants already are located, and reliability and terrorist-threat possibilities that they raise.  I don't know if this matters to you but in case it does, just wanted you to know. 

 
 

Sounds good.  This email address goes to my work.  If you finish on Friday or over the weekend, please send to pallen70@hotmail.com <mailto:pallen70@hotmail.com>.

Thanks,

Phillip Allen

Phillip,
 
I will have the take off completed by Monday and  will forward via email. 
 
Thanks,
 
Tony Roberts

I like these homes much better than the one from earlier this week.  I like the steeper pitched roof and the high glass windows in the top of the gables.  Plus  these seem a little bigger.  I like the floor plan of the hoover plan better than the van gendersen.  The kitchen should be bigger.  You could take some space from the sewing room and add an island to the kitchen.  

http://www.ayrewood.com/Hoover_Floor_Plan.htm

Check this out.

Jeff Richter                            503.464.3917 (w-pdx)

 

Greg,

I forgot to mention the Perrin Oaks ideas.  They are on the attached memo.

Have a good weekend.

Phillip

 

Mery,

Please email me back with a location for tomorrow's meeting.

Phillip

Greg,

I went to the title company yesterday and as instructed by Irwin I signed t=
he deed of trust, the promissory note for 8.4, and the subordination agreem=
ent.  Can the loan amount be adjusted based on new costs estimates.  What w=
ill happen at closing?  Is the major problem with the appraisal that since =
the land was only appraised at 1,120,000 we would be required to contribute=
 an additional 180,000 in equity?  If so, that is not good.

You mentioned that the we are firm on the construction numbers given to me =
previously.  Can you send those numbers again so I can be positive I am not=
 looking at old numbers.  Also, I would really appreciate a schedule of tru=
e costs and expected loan.

Thank you,

Phillip

Phillip,

I am trying to press Bank to get the Deed of Trust to you. I am in a balanc=
ing act between moving on the construction and holding until the lien is pe=
rfected. I talked to Cheerie and she said the person in Dallas is trying to=
 get it done today, however, she may not finish it out today, which means i=
t will be sent for Thursday morning delivery to a sister Ticor office for s=
ignature and recording.  Have they told you any of this? Or do I need to ma=
ke sure you know when, where, and how as soon as I know.

I talked to Andrew this morning the Dallas office received the Appraisal an=
d gave the information to us over the phone.  The appraised value as built =
is 12.5 million, the NOI is $1,152,695.  The problem is the Land Value is $=
1,120,000, as this is what they have recorded as the transaction cost in Ja=
nuary.  Andrew talked to me about if we want to put additional costs on top=
 of this showing improvements or other costs associated with the value to s=
how an increase in value?.  I am tending to think we are going to reduce ou=
r overall loan by adjusting the Land, Title Policy Amount, Debt Carry Cost =
and some other small adjustments to costs. This would reduce our overall de=
bt and resultant equity requirement. The main difference in committing to a=
 greater loan is that our costs of points will rise and our equity may be o=
ut of balance in the end, vs. if we borrow the exact amount, we may risk be=
ing short and needing a loan increase for any soft cost overages. I have be=
en working on this and I am reviewing the changes to see what overall effec=
ts each change will have on your equity and return.

We are firm on the construction numbers given to you previously and we have=
 had a number of additional costs which we have been able to absorb in the =
overall construction budget.  The biggest is the detention pond dredging wh=
ich has gone up in cost.  The only area left to work through is the foundat=
ion/concrete number and I am confident we will hit that one on the mark. Th=
us, overall I am comfortable with the Hard Cost numbers at this point.

I am attempting to get with Irwin and Cheerie and seeing if we can get the =
final Doc's put together. Have'nt been able to get a meeting yet.

I just got interrupted in another meeting.  Let me know if there are any qu=
estions today.

Kirk,

What is the deal with this boat trip?  Seems too extravagant and wasteful.  I am not comfortable with this.  Can't we just have a small happy hour once the project is complete?

Phillip

Gary,

Can you call me to discuss the panel quote for the Allen residence issued to Johnnie Brown?  In April you worked up a quote for $20,000.  The dimensions of the house have not changed.  The quote given last week was over $26,000.  Have raw materials and labor increased by over 25%?  I need help understanding this increase.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

Richard,

I spoke to you earlier this week with questions about building with SIP's.  I am planning to build a home in San Marcos as soon as I can decide on a builder and materials.  I already have my blueprints completed.  What I took from our conversation  was to use the SIP's with 8.5" roof panels and use a metal roof.

I have been working with Johnnie Brown, a builder from San Antonio that is also a Creative Panel rep.  The problem is that I have a budget of $85-$90/sf and it does not appear that he will be able to stay within that budget.  I don't want to settle for a conventional stick built house.  I was wondering about alternatives.  Would some combination of a radiant barrier and non-CFC spray insulation provide close to the same energy savings at a lower cost than SIP's. For example, I just spoke to a sales rep for Demilec.  He will spray foam insulation at $1.30/sf.  That would be approximately $10,000 compared to over $20,000 additional costs for the panels.  But would the foam insulation be as effective?   Do you have any suggestions of materials or contractors that would help me construct the best home for the money.  I am trying to get a bid from Wink with Premier based on you reference.

Thank you for your help.

Phillip Allen
pallen@enron.com
713-853-7041

Greg,

I won't be in the office on Thursday.  I am getting my knee scoped.  I will be at home in the afternoon. 713-463-8626.

If you need to email me use pallen70@hotmail.com.

I will be in the office on Friday.

Phillip

Monica,

The outlines you just dropped off are fine.

Phillip
Phillip -

Thank you for giving us your feedback on the first seven topic outlines.
I've incorporated your thoughts, but was hoping you could take a look at
them since we didn't have a chance to go over them together. The outlines
and explanations are below. Could you respond back by EOD Monday in hopes
for us to send these outlines for Final Signoff?

Lastly, I was wondering if I could stop by (your's or Ina's desk) and pick
up your comments about the last three topic outlines by EOD Monday. Can you
let me know if this is possible?

Organizational Structure.
You  jotted down "Jeff Gosset, M to M, P&L, and Positions". We have an
entire section about Mark to Market in the Risk Management Inputs topic.
P&L statements and Position reports are large sections in the Accounting
and Reporting topic. In addition, we discuss Mid Office in the Overview
page of this topic (org. structure). Is this enough or were you thinking
something in addition to what I just mentioned.
(See attached file: Framework Org Structure_4.doc)

Accounting and Reporting
I've incorporated the areas of  "G&L, cash payments, and reconcilation into
the last section of the outline. Is this what you were thinking?
(See attached file: Framework AR_5.doc)

Thank you for your time,

Monica L. Brown
Accenture
PDP Experienced Analyst
Houston - 2929 Allen Parkway
Direct Dial: +1 713 837 1749
VPN & Octel: 83 / 71749
Fax: +1 713 257 7211
email: monica.l.brown@accenture.com

This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in error,
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
use of the email by you is prohibited.
 - Framework Org Structure_4.doc << File: Framework Org Structure_4.doc >> 
 - Framework AR_5.doc << File: Framework AR_5.doc >> 

I will be there tomorrow, but I have a bunch of rehab exercises to do for my knee.  I probably won't be much of a partner for a couple more weeks.

sorry i missed this morning.  i was out of town this weekend and i just flew in this morning.  Tomorrow morning I plan on running on the treadmill from 540 am - 600 am and working out with weights from 6 - 645 am.  will you be there tomorrow?

ckl  

  

If you decide to move to Kerrville I know of an excellent builder that I
have worked with in the past.

He has built numerous custom homes in the Kerrville\Fredericksburg area that
are very high quality.  He has excellent long time crews using local German
craftsmen. They do outstanding trim work and framing.  Most of his houses
are Texas style with solid rock walls, standing seam roofs, antique wood
flooring, cabinets, etc.

Let me know if you are interested.

Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
9400 Circle Drive
Austin, TX  78736
512-394-0908 office
512-394-0913 fax
512-751-9728 mobile
jsmith@austintx.com

The seller said she would fax the numbers tomorrow morning (12\14).  She
says the NOI is around $300,000 per year.  After taking into account the
management fee she says they will accept a price of $2,700,000.

This is not a bad price for a well maintained\located property with large
average unit sizes.  See the attached Excel file for a description of the
property

Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
9400 Circle Drive
Austin, TX  78736
512-394-0908 office
512-394-0913 fax
512-751-9728 mobile
jsmith@austintx.com

 - colonial oaks -kerrville no data.xls 

Yes, I will attend the meeting.

Phillip:

Will you be attending the managing directors meeting on Monday at the Hyatt?  I put you down as a yes, but can cancel.
Let me know

-Ina

Karen,

I interviewed Agustin Leon and Zoya Raynes.  Here are my comments:

Agustin Leon:  Has a lot of experience with quantitative and technical analysis.  Programming and language 
          skills.  If not a trader could be an asset to research group.

Zoya Raynes:  Has already been through Salomon's rotational program.  Her interest lean more towards 
          marketing than trading.  Seems very talented.

I would recommend both candidates for further consideration.

Phillip

Tim,

Since the three nuclear units have gone down there has been a significant increase in imports into California from the northwest which coincides with increased hydro output.  This has continued to suppress Socal gas sendouts.    Grand Coulee outflows on Monday and Tuesday have exceeded inflows.  Monday: In-69.8, Out-73.4; Tuesday: In-57.7, Out 68.2.  The elevation is starting to creep lower.

Can you help us with these questions?  Will this drafting to continue?  What is the elevation target for the end of the month?  Why did yesterday's inflow decline so much?

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

I am going to be in a meeting with Accenture on Friday from 9am until 3pm.  So I can't meet with Paul Margraves.  Have him call me directly and I will set something up.

Phillip

Paul Margraves would like to come here and meet with you at 1:30 this Friday.  He says it would be a quick 15 minute general meeting.  I put him on your calendar and told him if something needed to change I would call him back.  Is this okay with you?

-Ina

Phillip:

The target for end of October is 1283. We're not sure what's driving the day to day variation. Direct effects of recent precipitation, combined with some very big precip forecast errors, are part of the explanation, but there also appears to be something going on with management of the non-treaty storage that BPA's cached upstream in Arrow. We've been looking into that, and hope to get some news via Technical Management Team today.

From a multi-purpose project manager's perspective, I think that current reservoir elevation is one or two feet too high, so I do expect drawdown by month end. I also suspect that there are some limits in the non-treaty storage approaching that require at least partial withdrawal.

The net effect should be a rise in production-- no more downstream storage is available and upstream releases will increase, certainly by November 1, but probably earlier.

Tim
Tim,

Since the three nuclear units have gone down there has been a significant increase in imports into California from the northwest which coincides with increased hydro output.  This has continued to suppress Socal gas sendouts.    Grand Coulee outflows on Monday and Tuesday have exceeded inflows.  Monday: In-69.8, Out-73.4; Tuesday: In-57.7, Out 68.2.  The elevation is starting to creep lower.

Can you help us with these questions?  Will this drafting to continue?  What is the elevation target for the end of the month?  Why did yesterday's inflow decline so much?

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

Bob,

I do have a survey of the sight at home.  I will get you a copy tomorrow.

Regarding contracts, the Texas Real Estate Commission website has copies of the contracts we need.  The website is below.  I believe the relevant contracts are form #20-4(One to Four Family Residential Contract) and form #OP-H (Seller's Disclosure of Property Condition).  A coworker is about to close on a home without using a broker and these are the forms he used.  

I

Phillip

http://www.trec.state.tx.us/formsrulespubs/forms/forms-contracts.asp

Phillip,
 
I forgot to ask if you have a recent survey of the  lot from when you closed?  I would like to see if we'll have any easement  problems above or around the garage area to consider.
 
If you find something and it's faxable, please send  it to my fax at 281-858-1127.  Feel free to call first if you have any  comments.
 
Thanks,
 
Bob Huntley
281-858-0000

I like the cedar t-111 version better.  Why don't you tell this shop teacher not to be to comfortable and that you will be taking his job in two years.

 << File: Mvc-002f.jpg >> << File: Mvc-013f.jpg >> << File: ATT24174.txt >> Phillip,

Which one should I do, the 8x12 is half the price.

Jeff

October 17, 2001

Jeff:

I talked to your dad and he has mentioned that you might be interested in 
having our class build a shed for you.  We pretty much make whatever you 
would like to the specifications that you prefer. All of our buildings are 
durable and solidly constructed.  We build them in our shop and the ownner 
is rersponsible for their delivery.  There is no labor cost so you are only 
charged for the materials.

Our most popular size and style is the 8' x 12' barn . This is the most 
economical building that we construct and it is an easier one to haul to a 
given site. This building has an exterior of T-111 siding which is cedar 
style grooved exterior plywood which can be stained and sealed. We have 
usually build them with a 3'-10 1/2" wide door opening.  I would think that 
would be wide enough for a four wheeler, but you would have to have your 
dad measure your vehicle to make sure.. We have probably built and sold 
over 30 of these in the past ten years. The price on this shed usually 
varies between $800 and $900.

Your dad also indicated an interest in a 10 x 12 gable style shed which is 
a bit bigger and ofcourse more expensive.  It has vinyl siding and aluminum 
soffit/overhang, I am attaching a picture of one we made for Joe 
Pronschinske.  This project is a bit harder to transport as it is oversize 
and legally you are  to obtain an oversize laod permit to haul it.   Your 
dad indicated that Joe would possibly haul it though.
The picture I am attaching shows a common 3' entry door.  We are presently 
building a structure for Nolan Goplin that has a overhead 6' wide roll up 
door.  The price on a 10' x 12' shed with a 6' wide roll-up door would be 
roughly $1500.

We will build either style and can modify the plans to meet your 
needs.  With the time we have left in the semester the 8 x 12 would be the 
easiest for us to build, but if you let me know right away, by Monday 
October 22, that you would like a 10 x12 size we would still be able to 
finish that one on time.

If you have any questions just e-mail me or call:
	Whitehall School Disctrict 715-538-4364
	My Home number 715-985-3063.

Have a good one and take with you later.

Sincerely,

Mel Nelson

Randy,

Why is there a PG&E Citygate position in Mgmt-West?  Were these positions created in the last week or so?  Can you print a forwards detail and move these deals into FT-PGE?  Do not just transfer at mid market.  Please move the deals.

Phillip

John,

It would be a good idea to pull together the desk heads to air out concerns.  We all have questions and don't feel we have all the facts to answer the questions employees are asking.

The sooner the better.

Phillip

If you get the info from the owner this afternoon, please send it to pallen70@hotmail.com.

If you decide to move to Kerrville I know of an excellent builder that I
have worked with in the past.

He has built numerous custom homes in the Kerrville\Fredericksburg area that
are very high quality.  He has excellent long time crews using local German
craftsmen. They do outstanding trim work and framing.  Most of his houses
are Texas style with solid rock walls, standing seam roofs, antique wood
flooring, cabinets, etc.

Let me know if you are interested.

Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
9400 Circle Drive
Austin, TX  78736
512-394-0908 office
512-394-0913 fax
512-751-9728 mobile
jsmith@austintx.com

Thanks for the update.  

Greetings Phillip,

I received your phone message.  Thanks for the update.  I have been talking
with contractors and Spring Valley.  At this point we are trying to
determine whether the addition over the garage would be workable.  Heather
probably told you that I am meeting with a contractor on 11/7 at your home
to get a firm bid on the project.  I spoke today with the Spring Valley
building consultant and faxed him some detail.  There are a couple of
possible problems he is looking at and we'll possibly need to get a variance
from the decision makers when the time comes.

In the meantime, I printed out the earnest money contract and sellers
disclosure forms from the website you found.  We are waiting on the final
word from Spring Valley to move ahead.  I'll let you know when we have some
new information.

Thanks,

Bob Huntley

Bob,

I do have a survey of the sight at home.  I will get you a copy tomorrow.

Regarding contracts, the Texas Real Estate Commission website has copies of
the contracts we need.  The website is below.  I believe the relevant
contracts are form #20-4(One to Four Family Residential Contract) and form
#OP-H (Seller's Disclosure of Property Condition).  A coworker is about to
close on a home without using a broker and these are the forms he used.

I

Phillip

http://www.trec.state.tx.us/formsrulespubs/forms/forms-contracts.asp

      -----Original Message-----
     Phillip,

     I forgot to ask if you have a recent survey of the  lot from when you
     closed?  I would like to see if we'll have any easement  problems
     above or around the garage area to consider.

     If you find something and it's faxable, please send  it to my fax at
     281-858-1127.  Feel free to call first if you have any  comments.

     Thanks,

     Bob Huntley
     281-858-0000

The Capitol Connection is pleased to announce that it will broadcast (via
the internet and telephone Only) the following Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission Special Meetings:

Friday, October 26, 9.30 a.m. ET
Topic: Interstate Natural Gas Facility Planning Seminar, Presentation of
Staff Findings

Monday, October 29, 1:00 p.m. ET
Topic: Technical Conference Concerning West-Wide Price Mitigation for
Winter Season & Procedures for seeking participation

If you have an annual subscription to the Capitol Connection internet
service, these meetings are included in the annual fee.  Please contact us
if you are interested in signing up for either of these meetings or want to
get an annual subscription to our internet service.

The Capitol Connection offers FERC meetings live via the Internet, as well
as via Phone Bridge, and satellite, please visit our website at
www.capitolconnection.org <http://www.capitolconnection.org>. or send e-mail to capcon@gmu.edu <mailto:capcon@gmu.edu> for more
information. If there is a meeting you are interested in receiving, please
call 703-993-3100.

David Reininger

Meeting dates and times are subject to change without notice. For current
information, you can go to our website at www.capitolconnection.org <http://www.capitolconnection.org> and
select the FERC link or you can go to the FERC web page at www.ferc.fed.us <http://www.ferc.fed.us>.
The FERC Office of the Secretary can be reached at 202.208.0400.

Phillip,

Pursuant to your request, please see the attached.

Thanks,

Renee

  

I will try and find my title policy this evening.  

Phillip,
 
Could you please do me a favor?  I would like  to read your current title policy to see what it says about easements.  You  should have received a copy during your closing.  I don't know how many  pages it will be but let me know how you want to handle getting a copy  made.  I'll be happy to make the copy, or whatever makes it easy for  you.
 
Thanks,
 
Bob Huntley

Renee,

Thank you for the forms.  I am trying to estimate my tax obligation.  It is my understanding that the account balance will be treated as ordinary income.  What about Social Security and Medicare taxes?  I thought those were already deducted.  Also, the are no earnings on the deferrals I have made.  On the contrary, there are losses.  Is it possible to recoup any taxes paid?

Thanks for you help.

Phillip
Phillip,

Pursuant to your request, please see the attached.

Thanks,

Renee

 << File: Request For Distribution_1994 Plan.doc >>  << File: Request for Distribution Procedures_1994 Plan.doc >> 

Thanks
Phillip,

The Social Security and Medicare tax has been previously withheld on your deferral.  You would be subject to only Federal Income Tax withholding on the distribution.  I checked with my director (Pam Butler) on your question about recouping taxes already paid.  It is my understanding that you cannot recoup these taxes.

Thanks,

Renee

Renee,

Thank you for the forms.  I am trying to estimate my tax obligation.  It is my understanding that the account balance will be treated as ordinary income.  What about Social Security and Medicare taxes?  I thought those were already deducted.  Also, the are no earnings on the deferrals I have made.  On the contrary, there are losses.  Is it possible to recoup any taxes paid?

Thanks for you help.

Phillip
Phillip,

Pursuant to your request, please see the attached.

Thanks,

Renee

 << File: Request For Distribution_1994 Plan.doc >>  << File: Request for Distribution Procedures_1994 Plan.doc >> 

These are fine.

Gentlemen

Good day. I hope all is going well. 

If I do not hear from you by COB tomorrow I will take your silence as acceptance and that their are no non-conformities to prevent acceptance of this deliverable. This action is necessary as contractually we are coming to the end of the acceptance period for this deliverable. 

Good news is that this deliverable and the High level design deliverable are the last two deliverables for the Design Phase of the project. Thanks

Cheers
Kirk
Kirk McDaniel
10/19/2001 08:39 AM
Phillip/Tim/Yevgeny 
The attached zip file contains the 10 topic frameworks for sign off. Phillip you have reviewed these documents and given them the thumbs up prior to my input. The email below from Monica summarizies my minor input and after reading Monica email, if no red flags or concerns or raised you can again give your approval without necessarily reviewing the attachments again.

Tim and Yevegeny (If possible), please review the attachment, the email below and provide input no later then COB 10/22. Thanks

Cheers
Kirk

Note: Please notice that Accenture is putting how long it takes them to complete tasks in their emails to us. 

 - Topic Framework_Final.zip << File: Topic Framework_Final.zip >> 
monica.l.brown@accenture.com on 10/18/2001 11:04:02 AM
Hi Kirk,

Here are the answers to some of your questions and concerns on the Topic
Frameworks.  These updates, along with discussions with SMEs, took a total
of one hour.

Accounting and Reporting - (1) Deal Flow - <<According to Berney Aucoin>>
there is no difference between an Orginator/Marketer  on the deal flow,
they stated that a deal is a deal and it is the same for everyone.  (2)
Roles associated within the Desk - <<According to Berney Aucoin >> Admin
support and Commerical support should not be added.  We are concentrating
on the major roles within a desk, any more granular could be inaccurate
because it is different for every company.  Admin support - answers the
phones and Commerical support runs the books in the back office.

Commodity Fundamentals - (1) Broker fees and Margin calls were added in the
overview, <<According to Berney Aucoin>> it was worth mentioning, but
wholesale is exempt from fees and taxes.  (2) Industrial, Retail and
Wholesale was added as an i.e., by consumption by consumer

Organizational Structure - (1) Communication - Inter/Intra department
communications were added into the Challenges of Managing Trading Function
and Trading System. Inter department communication (i.e., between
departments within organization) and Intra department communications (i.e.,
between roles on a desk after a trade/deal) (between desks, internal
communication between Marketer, Originator, Structurer and Trader, after a
trade and reconciling position reports)

Risk Management Inputs - Consequences within VaR guidelines was added to
"Trading outside of prescribed VaR guidelines

Swaps - Types of credit classifications was added to Credit Review under
Protecting Againist Loss.

The note for the references used was included on every topic framework -
*Note: Please note in your assignments when using additional resources
other than the BRM course material and your own knowledge. Please do not
copy and paste from Derivatives 1 or any other resource material. This will
significantly help us deter any copyright infringements. Thank you

Let me know if you have any questions!

Thanks,
Monica L. Brown
Accenture
PDP Experienced Analyst
Houston - 2929 Allen Parkway
Direct Dial: +1 713 837 1749
VPN & Octel: 83 / 71749
Fax: +1 713 257 7211
email: monica.l.brown@accenture.com

This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in error,
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
use of the email by you is prohibited.

sheri.a.righi@accenture.com on 10/18/2001 11:11:04 AM
Kirk -

Thank you for your timely feedback. Per our discussions, we have updated
all of the topic frameworks and attached them below. In addition, Monica
has sent you an email describing the changes she has made and explanations
around why some changes weren't made (SME's responses to your questions).

These updates, along with discussions with SMEs, took a total of one hour.

(See attached file: Topic Framework_Final.zip)

Sheri A. Righi
Accenture
Human Performance Service Line
Hartford - One Financial Plaza
Direct Dial: 860 756 2245
VPN & Octel: 765 2245
e-mail: sheri.a.righi@Accenture.com

This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in error,
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
use of the email by you is prohibited.
 - Topic Framework_Final.zip << File: Topic Framework_Final.zip >> 

Michelle,

Here are my comments:

Section 9b-  It is my understanding that the Utility lines are currently under construction and should be finished by late February 2002.  Can we reference the work that is being performed by the contractor, JC Evans.  I want to avoid any ambiguity regarding the "Utility Lines".  Also can we make the same distinction in the Utility Construction Escrow Agreement in Section C.

 Section 10-  Please change to Purchaser can extend closing for 3 successive periods of 30 days each for $10,000 per extension, not applicable to purchase price and non-refundable.

Also, I would prefer to sign the first amendment and the utility escrow documents at the same time since they reference each other.

I have sent Mike B. a copy of this email.

Thank you,

Phillip
 <<3MMPRED.DOC>>
Phillip,

Enclosed please find a blackline of the First Amendment to Contract showing
the revisions.  I have forwarded a clean version of the Amendment to you for
your signature.  If you have any questions or concerns, please contact me at
(512) 370-2836.  Thanks.

Michelle L. Simpkins
Winstead Sechrest & Minick P.C.
100 Congress Avenue, Suite 800
Austin, Texas  78701
(512) 370-2836
(512) 370-2850 Fax
msimpkins@winstead.com

 - 3MMPRED.DOC << File: 3MMPRED.DOC >> 

The project coordinators believe they can reach a solution with Accenture in which Enron pays no additional fees but the project is completed in a slightly scaled back form.  This allows Accenture to have a completed project and no more cash goes out the door.

The effort from the SME's should be complete by Christmas.  Please push forward with the review of the knowledge layer.

Phillip

Phillip,

It will go along this lines: (Conservative)

*****************************************************
We pay "0" going forward
We have already played 300K in 3Q2001
Outstanding bill for $27,740 will hit Enron Q1, 2002

Enron and surviving entity will have the right to use it internally

We value Enrons SME time @ around 300K

Accenture will have the right to use it internally and modify the product at its will for internal & external use.

This arrangement will void 900K Enrons Revenue from Accenture

Enron would receive 0% royalty on all external sales.  I was thinking to stay away from royalty as we do not know what will be new company position on this matter. Also,  I do not think Accenture will want to enter into partnership structure with a ghost company unless we get Dinergy involved.

If we do not reach the agreement: 1. Terminate and pay around 500-600k (estimate)  The payment could be deferred in to 2Q 2002 or
				 2. Continue "as is" with payment differed for 90 days or merger.

We are sending Accenture official notice as of tomorrow we have 10 business days to workout solution or terminate.	

Any comments or suggestions?

Regards,

Yevgeny

 
Yevgeny,

Please send me an email describing the zero option so I can pass it along to the other SME's.

Phillip

Phillip,

I am following up to our BRM conversation from Friday.  Obviously it is a valid questions to ask and as you requested I am attaching two documents: one summarizing the options and  2nd cash flow impact.  In the cash flow impact Case 2 & 3 already account for additional cut of 100k from existing cost.  (it comes from Expenses such as projected traveling 30K+Cut in Media 20K + Cut in sim exercises 50K)  The cut in sim exercises need to be confirmed with you. A total of two sims could be cut one.  Accenture will address this question tomorrow during the meeting.  Also,  I will ask them to cut the meeting by 10 min, thus we can go over the documents and can answer your questions.  I am not sure what is Tim's schedule for tomorrow, but at least Kirk and myself will be around. 

Obviously cutting sims is not the best options but we are considering all alternatives at this time.  We will continue to review how to cut labor and expenses.
One question that it would be good if you think about it before we meet is as follow.  Is BRM "core" to the Enron for next few months or new organization?  Please consider the costs of finishing this project.

Sincerely,

Yevgeny Frolov
713-345-8250 w
 << File: BRM Cash Flow Cases.xls >>  << File: BRM Contingency Numbers Rev3.xls >> 

Can you fax me the rent roll?  713-646-2391.
Also please send the unit mix and square footages again.

Thanks,

Phillip

Michelle,

Here are my comments:

Section 9b-  It is my understanding that the Utility lines are currently under construction and should be finished by late February 2002.  Can we reference the work that is being performed by the contractor, JC Evans.  I want to avoid any ambiguity regarding the "Utility Lines".  Also can we make the same distinction in the Utility Construction Escrow Agreement in Section C.

 Section 10-  Please change to Purchaser can extend closing for 3 successive periods of 30 days each for $10,000 per extension, not applicable to purchase price and non-refundable.

Also, I would prefer to sign the first amendment and the utility escrow documents at the same time since they reference each other.

I have sent Mike B. a copy of this email.

Thank you,

Phillip
 <<3MMPRED.DOC>>
Phillip,

Enclosed please find a blackline of the First Amendment to Contract showing
the revisions.  I have forwarded a clean version of the Amendment to you for
your signature.  If you have any questions or concerns, please contact me at
(512) 370-2836.  Thanks.

Michelle L. Simpkins
Winstead Sechrest & Minick P.C.
100 Congress Avenue, Suite 800
Austin, Texas  78701
(512) 370-2836
(512) 370-2850 Fax
msimpkins@winstead.com <mailto:msimpkins@winstead.com>

 - 3MMPRED.DOC << File: 3MMPRED.DOC >> 

Adrianne,
 
I cannot download his resume.  Please resend.
 
Phillip
 
 

Phillip - 
 
This is the candidate I spoke with you about this morning...
 
Brent currently works in our London office as an Analyst and is looking to come over to the Houston office.  We would like to get him into the November 1st interviews. 
 
His contact information is on the resume, but here is his number as well 
44-20-778-35558 ....for a London line direct to Brent dial 844-35558
 
Thank you!
Adrianne
x57302
 
the resume is attached....

Brent,

Please call me so we can do a 15 minute phone interview regarding your interest in the trading track program.

Phillip Allen
West gas trading
713-853-7041

Left message and sent email.  I will let you know as soon as I have spoken to him.
 
Phillip - 
 
Lets try this one....Thanks!
 
Adrianne
I cannot download his resume.  Please resend.
 
Phillip
 
 

Phillip - 
 
This is the candidate I spoke with you about this morning...
 
Brent currently works in our London office as an Analyst and is looking to come over to the Houston office.  We would like to get him into the November 1st interviews. 
 
His contact information is on the resume, but here is his number as well 
44-20-778-35558 ....for a London line direct to Brent dial 844-35558
 
Thank you!
Adrianne
x57302
 
the resume is attached....

Please send more details regarding this meeting

Hi Phillip,

This message is to confirm our meeting with you on, Tuesday, October 30th
from 9:00 am - 10:00 am, the location will be EB 3267.  Attendees will be
Monica Brown and Sheri Righi.

Let me know if you have any questions.  I can be reached at 713-345-6687.

Thanks,
Monica L. Brown
Accenture
Houston - 2929 Allen Parkway
Direct Dial: +1 713 837 1749
VPN & Octel: 83 / 71749
Fax: +1 713 257 7211
email: monica.l.brown@accenture.com

This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in error,
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
use of the email by you is prohibited.

Adrianne,
 
I spoke to Brent D.  I would recommend that he is given a chance to interview for the program.  
 
Phillip
 
Phillip - 
 
Lets try this one....Thanks!
 
Adrianne
I cannot download his resume.  Please resend.
 
Phillip
 
 

Phillip - 
 
This is the candidate I spoke with you about this morning...
 
Brent currently works in our London office as an Analyst and is looking to come over to the Houston office.  We would like to get him into the November 1st interviews. 
 
His contact information is on the resume, but here is his number as well 
44-20-778-35558 ....for a London line direct to Brent dial 844-35558
 
Thank you!
Adrianne
x57302
 
the resume is attached....

Can we meet from 10am-11am instead?

Sheri and I would like to discuss the practice questions and graphic ideas
with you for the the Knowledge System.  We wanted to get some feedback from
you as well as your input.

Thanks,
Monica

            Phillip.K.Allen@enron.c
Please send more details regarding this meeting

      -----Original Message-----
     Hi Phillip,

     This message is to confirm our meeting with you on, Tuesday, October
     30th
     from 9:00 am - 10:00 am, the location will be EB 3267.  Attendees will
     be
     Monica Brown and Sheri Righi.

     Let me know if you have any questions.  I can be reached at
     713-345-6687.

     Thanks,
     Monica L. Brown
     Accenture
     Houston - 2929 Allen Parkway
     Direct Dial: +1 713 837 1749
     VPN & Octel: 83 / 71749
     Fax: +1 713 257 7211
     email: monica.l.brown@accenture.com

     This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
     privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in
     error,
     please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any
     other
     use of the email by you is prohibited.

This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in error,
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
use of the email by you is prohibited.

Greg,

I would rather sign and fax copies of the necessary contracts then follow up with originals through the mail.  

Phillip

Phillip,

I need to get the contract for Galaxy and Grande executed today. In addition
I will need to close the loan at the title company in Hays County this week.
If you elect me vice-president of Bishops Corner, Inc., I can take care of
all of the documents.  From a logistics standpoint this probably would be
the best way to handle it.

Please let me know today if possible so I can send them to the lender.

Sincerely,

Greg Thorse

Jacques,

I need to pull together the Bishops Corner organization documents so we can close on the bank loan.  Did Keith and I take the originals or did we leave them with you?  I know we still need to issue the shares for the GP.

Please drop me a note.

Phillip Allen

There are three other deals that I will fax to you.  let me know if you have
an interest.

Thanks,

Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
9400 Circle Drive
Austin, Texas  78736
512-394-0908 office
512-394-0913 fax
512-751-9728 mobile
jsmith@austintx.com <mailto:jsmith@austintx.com>

 - Metropolitan sales sheet.xls 
 - south center oaks sales sheet.xls 
 - Treaty Oaks Sales Sheet.xls 

 

Greg,

I plugged the data on Colonial Oaks into your format.  The actual NOI for 2001 is around 305,000.  But there is not a professional management company.  Subtracting $25,000 for management costs the NOI would be $280,000.  However, I increased the taxes and a few other expenses to bring total expenses up to $3,000/unit.  This would yield an NOI of $240,000.  Comparing the rents charged to the other 17 properties, it doesn't look like the rents have a great deal of upside.  

The asking price is $2,700,000.  Using $240,000 would make this an 8.9 cap.  Using the seller's NOI of $280,000 would be a 10.4 cap.  The cost per unit is $33,750 for a 1969 project.  The cost per square foot is 36.58.  

The numbers would be better if the property was offered at $2.5 million.  Jeff Smith claims that $2.7 million is as low as the seller will go.  This property has not been on the market.  So I would like your input of what the market would pay for it.  If $280,000 is a reasonable NOI, then I would thing it would be sold fairly quickly for $2.7 million.  It does have the benefit of all brick exterior and elderly tenants.  Plus the location is by far the most convenient.

Financing is the other consideration.  I am assuming 25 year, 7%,  and 25% down.  What do you think could actually be achieved?  Can you put me in contact with a lender?

I will follow up with a phone call.

Thanks,

Phillip

Jeff,

I reviewed your revised offer sheet.  I am OK with the effective income of $484K.  Her records show basically no other income ($75/month), so I subtracted $3,000 from your number.  The expenses just need to reflect $20,000 more property taxes and the numbers should be right on.  $484 less $244 would be $240 of NOI.  I spoke to Jim Murnane this afternoon.  He feels this property would most likely warrant 7.5% and a 30 year amortization.  See the attached spreadsheets.

 
 
 

Here is lakeside in your format.  Looks like 11% cash on cash plus whatever principal is paid on the note.  My biggest concern is that actual vacancies and concessions have been higher than in the pro forma used to underwrite the offering.  Also expenses were higher.  Why would we be able to do any better than the existing management?

 

I would like to come see it again on Wednesday.  I would be bringing 1 or 2 others.  Could we see it in the morning around 9:30 or 10 am?

Phillip

Attached is the file I'm proposing to send to Chase with suggested wording.  To eliminate "Chase"  from using data to "back-in" to pnl, we deleted all up days, and forwarded out corrected data, per files received from Jeff and Stacey.

Please review and provide feedback.  Additionally, if you are comfortable with data, please authorize its release.

Thanks
Frank

 

"Steve

Following on from our discussion concerning the back testing data, we have re-checked the underlying data with our middle office. There were some errors in your file which we have now corrected, and for clarity, included losses in the backtest file, since these are what we consider in the backtest process. 

I trust this helps - let us know if you need anything further

Regards"

Mac,

This looks good.  I won't know exactly what my cash position is until mid January.  I will let you know.

Thanks,

Keith

Phillip,

This is our muni traders recommendation.  Look it over and let me know what
you think.

Mac

Here is our forecast

 

Is this the weekly fundamentals report produced by Tim Heizenrader's group?=
  In Houston, we have been receiving the report on Tuesday afternoon via em=
ail before the fundamentals meeting in Portland.  How can distribution thro=
ugh or administrative assistants be more efficient? =20

The administrative assistant for the West gas desk is Ina Rangel.  Her loca=
tion is EB3210.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

The method for distribution of the weekly reports has changed.  Hard copies=
 will now be distributed through your administrative assistant. =20

To receive a paper copy of the report, please send me an e-mail request inc=
luding you location and admin. =20

The information in these reports is for internal use only and should not be=
 the basis for investment decisions. =20

Please let me know if you have any questions or comments,

James Bruce=09

Bob,

I found the warranty deed but I could not find the title policy.  I will call the title company that we used to get a copy today.

Phillip

Phillip,

Have you found the title policy?

Thanks,

Bob Huntley

> I will try and find my title policy this evening.
>
>       -----Original Message-----

Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
05/11/2001 01:49 PM
Current Notes User:=20

To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook,=
 it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date o=
f migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the followin=
g survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finis=
h, simply click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your su=
rvey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.

Thank you.

Outlook 2000 Migration Team

Full Name:        Phillip Allen=09=09

Login ID:  =09pallen

Extension:  =0937041

Office Location:  EB3210C

What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  =09Both

Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilo=
t, Jornada)  IPAQ

Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  =09
    If yes, who? =20

Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  =09Yes, Ina Ran=
gel
    If yes, who? =20

Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  =09
    If yes, who? =20

Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? =20
    If yes, who? =20

Do you have access to a shared calendar? =20
    If yes, which shared calendar? =20

Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for m=
ass mailings)? =20
    If yes, please list here: =20

Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: =20

In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will =
need to know:

Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
       If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):     =20

Andy,

I don't know what your need for brokerage services are, but Scott is nice enough as far as brokers go.  Personally, I am extremely pleased with the transition to online platforms and find that I can get 90%+ of my business done online.  If you have a need for brokers, Scott is a good choice.

Phillip

Hi guys,

We met last February when I was over in Houston and you kindly gave me some pointers as to how we in the UK can apply your experiences to the UK market.

I have had a call from Scott at Amerex saying he is moving to London to set up here.
He has said you would recommend him with a view to working our numbers here in Europe.

Would you be able to comment favourably or otherwise when you get a minute?

Many thanks

Andy

               OPEN MEETINGS FOR NOVEMBER 2001

The Capitol Connection is pleased to announce that it will broadcast the
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Open Meetings on:

         Wednesday, Nov. 7, 2001, 10:00 am ET
         Tuesday, Nov. 20, 2001, 10:00 am ET

Meeting dates and times are subject to change without notice. For current
information, you can go to our website at www.capitolconnection.org <http://www.capitolconnection.org> for a
link to the FERC's page or you can go to the FERC's web page at
www.ferc.fed.us <http://www.ferc.fed.us>. The FERC Office of the Secretary can be reached at
202.208.0400.

                 SPECIAL MEETINGS FOR NOVEMBER 2001

The Capitol Connection is pleased to announce that it will broadcast (via
the internet and telephone) the following Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission Special Meeting:

Friday, November 2, 9.00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. PST (12:00 noon - 7:00 p.m. EST)
Topic:  Western Region's Energy Infrastructure and related matters.  This
conference is being held at the WestCoast Grand Hotel in Seattle,
Washington.  For the contract for this meeting, please go to our website at
www.capitolconnection.org <http://www.capitolconnection.org>

If you have an annual subscription to the Capitol Connection internet
service, these meetings are included in the annual fee.  Please contact us
if you are interested in signing up for either of these meetings or want to
get an annual subscription to our internet service.

The Capitol Connection offers FERC meetings live via the Internet, as well
as via phone bridge, and satellite, please visit our website at
www.capitolconnection.org <http://www.capitolconnection.org>. or send e-mail to capcon@gmu.edu <mailto:capcon@gmu.edu> for more
information. If there is a meeting you are interested in receiving, please
call 703-993-3100.

Sincerely,

David Reininger

Renee,

I wrote "check" as the method of distribution on the form I dropped off last Thursday.  I thought it would be more likely for the distribution to be made off-cycle.  
However, if the distribution could be made on-cycle I would prefer direct deposit.  Is this email sufficient notice or do I need to do something else?

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

Carlos,

I faxed you a copy of the contract to sell the property in Leander.  The title company is Chicago Title Company in Austin.  Their address is 1501 S Mopac, Suite 130, Austin, TX 78746.  Wendy Butters is the contact person.  Her number is (512)480-8353.

Phillip

Jacques,

Thanks for pulling together the copies of the organization documents.  Have you had a chance to gather the title work?
Call or email when you get a chance.

Phillip

Renee,

Thank you for digging in to the issue of Deferred Phantom Stock Units.  It is clear that the payment will be made in shares.  However, I still don't understand which date will be used to determine the value and calculate how many shares.  The plan document under VII.  Amount of Benefit Payments reads "The value of the shares, and resulting payment amount will be based on the closing price of Enron Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of payment, and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp. common stock."  Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account.

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

Richard,

I checked with Wink and his prices were slightly lower per square foot but the builder was not keen on the panels Wink is selling because the dimensional lumber to frame windows and doors is not included.  So that reduces some of the savings.  Either way it still appears that a panel home will cost close to $20,000 more for a 4000 sq ft home.  Even if I assume my energy savings will be $125/month, it would take approximately 22 years to recover the upfront cost assuming a 5% interest rate.  

Cost is a major concern, but I am also concerned with the comfort level of the upstairs.  I am under the impression that the panels will prevent the upstairs from feeling significantly hotter than the downstairs as most two story homes do.  What are some other alternatives that would also be effective?  Radiant barrier?  More attic ventilation?  

Thank you for your help.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

Phillip, there are a number of alternative systems that will allow the same
level of energy efficiency. I would wait a bit for Wink's bid though. You
say that your panel costs are $20,000 additional. that sounds like a lot. I
just did a panel house with a 2100 sq ft footprint and the total panel cost
was about $25,000 with 8 inch walls and 10 inch roof. Stay in touch and we
can discuss alternatives if that becomes necessary. If your budget is $85-90
per sq. ft.  excluding land costs your costs will be on the low end of the
true custom home level but should be achievable with good management.
Richard Morgan
Manager, Green Building Program
Austin Energy
721 Barton Springs Rd.
Austin, TX 78704-1194
Ph. 512.505.3709
Fax 512.505.3711
e-mail richard.morgan@austinenergy.com

Richard,

I spoke to you earlier this week with questions about building with
SIP's.  I am planning to build a home in San Marcos as soon as I can
decide on a builder and materials.  I already have my blueprints
completed.  What I took from our conversation  was to use the SIP's with
8.5" roof panels and use a metal roof.

I have been working with Johnnie Brown, a builder from San Antonio that
is also a Creative Panel rep.  The problem is that I have a budget of
$85-$90/sf and it does not appear that he will be able to stay within
that budget.  I don't want to settle for a conventional stick built
house.  I was wondering about alternatives.  Would some combination of a
radiant barrier and non-CFC spray insulation provide close to the same
energy savings at a lower cost than SIP's. For example, I just spoke to
a sales rep for Demilec.  He will spray foam insulation at $1.30/sf.
That would be approximately $10,000 compared to over $20,000 additional
costs for the panels.  But would the foam insulation be as effective?
Do you have any suggestions of materials or contractors that would help
me construct the best home for the money.  I am trying to get a bid from
Wink with Premier based on you reference.

Thank you for your help.

Phillip Allen
pallen@enron.com
713-853-7041

Jerry,

I had a couple of questions about the exchange.

1.	Can I place the replacement property into a limited partnership?
2.	The cash to be escrowed is approx. $650K.  At money market rates of 3.5% the interest in six months would be over $10K.  Will the funds be held in an interest bearing account and will I receive the interest?
3.	Should I fed ex all these documents to the title company?

Thank you,
 
Phillip

Mr. Allen:
 
Would you please sign the exchanges documents where indicated and fax back  to us only the signed pages.  Wendy Butters will have the buyer sign her  set of documents for the closing.
 
Our fax # is 830-625-1031
Jerry Caskey
Lone Star Exchange Company
 - 1031.gif << File: 1031.gif >> 
 - Phase 1.pdf << File: Phase 1.pdf >> 

Bob,

Let me know how I can help with the variance application.

Phillip

Phillip,

It is looking like we will have to apply for a variance due to a set back
requirement when building over 10 feet tall.  Normal set back is 10 feet.
For every 3 ft higher you go, another 5 feet is added to the set back.  The
garage would be about 20 ft so we'd normally need to be back about 25 ft.
Currently, it's 13 feet.

I'm going to look into what's involved in getting on the agenda for a
variance.  I'll let you know what I find out.

Thanks,

Bob Huntley

> Bob,
>
> I found the warranty deed but I could not find the title policy.  I will
> call the title company that we used to get a copy today.
>
> Phillip
>
>       -----Original Message-----

Renee,

I would like to have a meeting to go over the payment methodology.  Scott Neal and Tom Martin would like to attend as well.  This afternoon at 2 PM or later would work for us.  Please let me know what time we could meet.

Thank you,

Phillip

Phillip,

This section pertains to terminated employees who are paid out in the year following the termination event.  The way the tax law works, the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent.  As such, we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent.  We will be distributing the shares reflected on your 9/30/01 statement (6,606 shares plus cash for fractional shares).  If you would prefer to settle the taxes with a personal check, we can distribute gross shares.  Please let me know you preference.

As you know, we are in the process of transferring recordkeeping services from NTRC to Hewitt.  As such, we have a CPA, Larry Lewis, working with us to audit and set up transition files.  He has become our department expert on the PSA account (much more knowledgeable than myself)  and the various plan provision amendments.  If you would like, we can set up a conference call with you, myself, and Larry to go over the payment methodology.  Please let me know a date and time that is convenient for you.

Thanks,

Renee

Renee,

Thank you for digging in to the issue of Deferred Phantom Stock Units.  It is clear that the payment will be made in shares.  However, I still don't understand which date will be used to determine the value and calculate how many shares.  The plan document under VII.  Amount of Benefit Payments reads "The value of the shares, and resulting payment amount will be based on the closing price of Enron Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of payment, and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp. common stock."  Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account.

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

Let me know when you get the quotes from Pauline.  I am expecting to pay something in the $3,000 to $5,000 range.  I would like to see the quotes and a description of the work to be done.  It is my understanding that some rock will be removed and replaced with siding.  If they are getting quotes to put up new rock then we will need to clarify.

Jacques is ready to drop in a dollar amount on the release.  If the negotiations stall, it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the utilities.  Hopefully things will go smoothly.

Phillip

Attendees:	Pam Butler
		Renee Ratcliff
		Larry Lewis
		Tom Martin
		Scott Neal
		Phillip Allen

Greg, 

I faxed you the promotional on 10300 Heritage Office Building with the Nimitz post office.  The broker called back shortly after I spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold.  Let me know what you think of this property.  Also, let me know of any other ideas about replacement property.

Phillip

Jim,

Take a look at this spreadsheet.  I tried to calculate the IRR on the port Aransas and Roma post offices.  Is this how your clients usually evaluate these properties?  The Roma deal looks much better.

Phillip 

Mery,

This sounds better than the limitations you were describing in the meeting.  We should be able to work with this.

Phillip

Phillip,

The purpose of this e-mail is to explain the results of our discussions
with the technical team after our meeting with you. We need to get your
approval of the points listed below so that we can begin building the
application.

We can have the Position and P&L Reports show the results of the learner's
decisions in previous periods, which will allow the learner move forward in
time with wrong answers. This will achieve our goal of giving the learners
"more rope" and letting them see the results of their mistakes. In order to
achieve this, we will have the following constraints:
   The feedback will be fairly high-level, as we discussed in Thursday's
   meeting. We will be able to provide feedback on cumulative P&L and
   positions, but not about specific actions the learner took in a previous
   period. We will not, for example, be able to say things like "In
   November, when we were headed into a cold winter, you chose to withdraw
   gas. What you should have done was..."
   We cannot save the P&L and position numbers. This means that if the
   learner leaves the simulation, returns to the main menu, or experiences
   a computer crash, his decisions will not be saved and he will need to
   start over at time period one.
   We cannot have the learner calculate P&L on storage costs,
   transportation costs, or hedging instruments. This is because the right
   answer and the available answer choices would have to depend on the
   decisions the learner has made. Now that the learner can go down any
   path he chooses, the number of possible answers is extremely large, and
   the right answers are variable. I believe these tasks will be actually
   better if we don't have the learner calculate P&L because he has already
   calculated P&L numerous times in the structurer/customer scenarios and
   conversion and arbitrage scenarios. Furthermore, the type of feedback we
   would have to give about specific P&L numbers will not flow well with
   the high-level, global-type feedback we are now planning to give in this
   task.

We cannot export price numbers into Excel because the Indeliq framework
does not support the downloading of data into external applications. The
technical effort required to add this functionality far exceeds our current
development budget. We can, however, do some calculations for the learner
on the screen. We can also try to somehow allow the learner to make the
mistake of using future prices instead of discounted prices.

If you could please respond with your approval or concerns by end of day
Wednesday, it will allow us to move forward with the development of this
simulation. I would be happy to discuss these points with you; please let
me know if you would like to set up a meeting.

Thank you.
Mery

This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in error,
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
use of the email by you is prohibited.

Jim,

I received your email on the Killeen post office.  I am still having a tough time making the math work.  Can you prepare a spreadsheet that would show why the post office is such a good investment?  Maybe the assumptions I am making about interest rates, expenses, or value at the end of the lease are incorrect.

Phillip

Phillip,

Hope your trip to Kerrville was worthwhile, and you had a chance to
check out the Heritage Building.

I am writing to tell you about another post office that has just come
back on the market...it's in Killeen, and was under contract for about
30 days. But one of my clients here who was in a 1031 exchange, and had
designated three post offices with us, could only actually buy two, so
today he released this one.

The Killeen post office (Harker Heights, a suburb) is one of the best we
have had in our inventory. It was built by a developer who is a friend
of ours and has been constructing POs for many years. She had to turn
down two other potential buyers recently because it was under contract.

I'm sure it will not last long. I have attached a flyer for you, and can
supply a copy of the lease too. If you are interested, do let me know
soon...we will need to act quickly! With best regards, Jim Wills

 - Harker Heights.doc << File: Harker Heights.doc >> 

Bob,

The application for the variance states that I applied for a permit on October 29th and was rejected.  Do the discussions with the building inspector constitute denial.

Phillip

 
 - Allen 8855 Merlin lttr.doc << File: Allen 8855 Merlin lttr.doc >> 

Steve,

I need help determining how much margin the short options require.  My account has a value of around $1,400,000.  That includes 750,000 of us treasury notes.  I am ready to build a bond ladder of muni's.  I need to know how much I can purchase with the funds in this account.  Obviously, I don't want to margin the account to invest in fixed income.

Please get back to me soon.

Phillip

Tim,

Have you considered reducing the scope or terminating the Accenture project to conserve cash?  Where are we in terms of %complete?

Phillip

Yes I have.
I'm getting all the details on the 4 options I have with the project:
Terminate
Postpone until Q1
Postpone until deal Closure
continue as planned.

When I get this info I'll talk with you about it. We're currently about to end Phase 2 (approx 50% completed).

Tim,

Have you considered reducing the scope or terminating the Accenture project to conserve cash?  Where are we in terms of %complete?

Phillip

I would like more detail about how much margin my open positions require and how the muni's are treated with regard to margin.  The call's I am short are way out of the money.  The only positions that are changing very much in value are the Enron shares I am long and the Enron puts I am short.  I would consider closing those positions.  I would like to put the maximum possible into Muni's.

Please forward this email to Steve.

Phillip

Phillip:

Steve and I are inquiring on the email you sent him.  We wanted come up with
a Muni proposal for 1M and take it from there. At this point, we have about
1.3M available but using this full amount would not give us any cushion in
regards to margin.  Let us know if the 1M is OK with you; assuming we can
always go in and invest more into the bond ladder.

Julieta Sandoval
Registered Client Service Associate
UBS PaineWebber
1111 Bagby Street, Suite 5100
Houston, Texas 77002
713-654-0275

******************************************************
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions:
Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions
regarding your UBSPaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will
not be accepted by UBSPaineWebber and UBSPaineWebber
will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.

Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
UBSPaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
review the content of all e-mail communications sent
and/or received by its employees.

Jeff,

Jacques Craig will draw up a release.  What is the status on the quote from Wade?  

Phillip

When can we reschedule the meeting regarding phantom stock deferral.  Any day except Thursday would work.

Phillip Allen

I would like to achieve a yield of 5%.  I am expecting an average maturity date of 2020.  

Since the treasury is only paying 6.25% taxable at 39%, isn't the effective yield only 3.8%?  Why wouldn't I move this money to muni's?

Phillip

Phillip,

Right now you can use the entire amount in your money market ( approx.
$785,000) for your muni bond portfolio.  After the treasury comes due on Jan
31, 2002, you will have another $750,000.  You really don't have to worry
about your margin requirements because you still get  80% of the value of
your municipals credited  towards marginable securities.  So, the bottom
line is 785m right now.  Jan 31, 2002 another 750m.  One thing to keep in
mind are 28 put contracts you still have out there.  Unless you close that
position you will probably get put those.

Let me know how much you want for your Muni Proposal to be for.  Also, if
there are any specifics that you want me to consider with your proposal such
as duration, maturity, etc.

Steve
******************************************************
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions:
Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions
regarding your UBSPaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will
not be accepted by UBSPaineWebber and UBSPaineWebber
will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.

Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
UBSPaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
review the content of all e-mail communications sent
and/or received by its employees.

I am still using my home Nortel VPN access.

All:
Please verify if you still use your home Nortel VPN access.  

Thank you,

Chrissy Grove
Network Security
 713.345.8269 

What are the specifics of those bonds are they insured what are they rated?  Can you work up a ladder from 2015-2026?  Shouldn't I buy more than just one or two issues?

You are correct.  With your tax bracket a 5% muni would be the equivalent of
an 8.2% taxable yield.  I looked at the inventory.  Right know we have only
180 bonds of a San Jacinto Community with a YTM of 4.92% maturing 2022.
Also, a Lubbock Texas Heath Facility with a YTM of 5.1% maturing 2023.  Let
me know what you think.

Steve

I would like to achieve a yield of 5%.  I am expecting an average maturity
date of 2020.

Since the treasury is only paying 6.25% taxable at 39%, isn't the effective
yield only 3.8%?  Why wouldn't I move this money to muni's?

Phillip

      -----Original Message-----
     Phillip,

     Right now you can use the entire amount in your money market ( approx.
     $785,000) for your muni bond portfolio.  After the treasury comes due
     on Jan
     31, 2002, you will have another $750,000.  You really don't have to
     worry
     about your margin requirements because you still get  80% of the value
     of
     your municipals credited  towards marginable securities.  So, the
     bottom
     line is 785m right now.  Jan 31, 2002 another 750m.  One thing to keep
     in
     mind are 28 put contracts you still have out there.  Unless you close
     that
     position you will probably get put those.

     Let me know how much you want for your Muni Proposal to be for.  Also,
     if
     there are any specifics that you want me to consider with your
     proposal such
     as duration, maturity, etc.

     Steve
     ******************************************************
     Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions:
     Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions
     regarding your UBSPaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
     Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will
     not be accepted by UBSPaineWebber and UBSPaineWebber
     will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
     and/or instructions.

     Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
     UBSPaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
     review the content of all e-mail communications sent
     and/or received by its employees.

Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
UBSPaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
review the content of all e-mail communications sent
and/or received by its employees.

Let's start with $1 million.

Phillip:
Just wanted to give you an idea of what's available.  Both are insured and
triple A.  Depending on how much we want to buy, we would definitely look at
different issues. What I can do is come up with a proposal tomorrow and work
the ladder with the dates you provided below. Just let me know about how
much we want to start off with.
Steve
What are the specifics of those bonds are they insured what are they rated?
Can you work up a ladder from 2015-2026?  Shouldn't I buy more than just
one or two issues?

      -----Original Message-----
     You are correct.  With your tax bracket a 5% muni would be the
     equivalent of
     an 8.2% taxable yield.  I looked at the inventory.  Right know we have
     only
     180 bonds of a San Jacinto Community with a YTM of 4.92% maturing
     2022.
     Also, a Lubbock Texas Heath Facility with a YTM of 5.1% maturing 2023.
     Let
     me know what you think.

     Steve

     -----Original Message-----
     I would like to achieve a yield of 5%.  I am expecting an average
     maturity
     date of 2020.

     Since the treasury is only paying 6.25% taxable at 39%, isn't the
     effective
     yield only 3.8%?  Why wouldn't I move this money to muni's?

     Phillip

           -----Original Message-----
          Phillip,

          Right now you can use the entire amount in your money market (
     approx.
          $785,000) for your muni bond portfolio.  After the treasury comes
     due
          on Jan
          31, 2002, you will have another $750,000.  You really don't have
     to
          worry
          about your margin requirements because you still get  80% of the
     value
          of
          your municipals credited  towards marginable securities.  So, the
          bottom
          line is 785m right now.  Jan 31, 2002 another 750m.  One thing to
     keep
          in
          mind are 28 put contracts you still have out there.  Unless you
     close
          that
          position you will probably get put those.

          Let me know how much you want for your Muni Proposal to be for.
     Also,
          if
          there are any specifics that you want me to consider with your
          proposal such
          as duration, maturity, etc.

          Steve
          ******************************************************
          Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions:
          Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions
          regarding your UBSPaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
          Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will
          not be accepted by UBSPaineWebber and UBSPaineWebber
          will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
          and/or instructions.

          Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
          UBSPaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
          review the content of all e-mail communications sent
          and/or received by its employees.

     **********************************************************************
     This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant
     affiliate and
     may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of
     the
     intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by
     others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient
     (or
     authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or
     reply
     to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete
     all
     copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are
     not
     intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or
     evidence a
     binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
     affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not
     be
     relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or
     otherwise.
     Thank you.
     **********************************************************************
     ******************************************************
     Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions:
     Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions
     regarding your UBSPaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
     Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will
     not be accepted by UBSPaineWebber and UBSPaineWebber
     will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
     and/or instructions.

     Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
     UBSPaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
     review the content of all e-mail communications sent
     and/or received by its employees.
******************************************************
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions:
Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions
regarding your UBSPaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will
not be accepted by UBSPaineWebber and UBSPaineWebber
will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.

Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
UBSPaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
review the content of all e-mail communications sent
and/or received by its employees.

Bob,

I turned in the application for a variance yesterday.  The hearing will be =
on January 8th.  In order to get on the calendar for the Dec 4th hearing, t=
he application had to be in by November 9th.  I was under the impression th=
at yesterday was the deadline.  Sorry if I dropped the ball. =20

On another note, I spoke to Joe Edwards yesterday and he had some useful su=
ggestions about the addition.   It might be possible to move the addition f=
orward and open up the bedroom at the top of the stairs into the new space.=
  You could convert the modified bedroom into a media room and use the new =
space for your game/play/music room.  Then you could close off the existing=
 play room to replace the bedroom lost.  Part of the play room that is bord=
ered by the stair rail and looks down to the living room could be used for =
a built in desk with a couple of computers.  This way you would not have to=
 add a second staircase.  The walls needed to convert the playroom to a bed=
room should be minor construction.  In the back you could slope the roof un=
til you were within the setback.  Then you could place a large dormer facin=
g the back of the property or bring a wall straight up.  From the driveway =
the addition would have the same elevation as your drawing but intwould be =
brought forward with a covered parking area below the addition.  The kitche=
n and dining room windows would still open to the driveway but they would b=
e more shaded.  That is the west side of the house so that might not be a b=
ad thing.  Your ideas about opening up the kitchen to the living room or di=
ning room would still be possible.  Personally, I think opening the dining =
room would be the better idea.

I don't know if you can visualize this or if you are even interested in exp=
loring anything except your original plan.  But I wanted to suggest somethi=
ng in case the variance was not granted.  Let me know if you want me to try=
 and sketch out these ideas.

Phillip

=20
 - Allen 8855 Merlin lttr.doc << File: Allen 8855 Merlin lttr.doc >>

Please review. =20

Greg,

After making an election in October to receive a full distribution of my de=
ferral account under Section 6.3 of the plan, a disagreement has arisen reg=
arding the Phantom Stock Account. =20

Section 6.3 states that a participant may elect to receive a single sum dis=
tribution of all of the participant's deferral accounts subject to a 10% pe=
nalty.  This provision is stated to be notwithstanding any other provision =
of the plan.  It also states that the account balance shall be determined a=
s of the last day of the month preceding the date on which the committee re=
ceives the written request of the participant.  In my case this would be as=
 of September 30th.  I read this paragraph to indicate a cash payout of 90%=
 of the value of all deferrals as on September 30, 2001.  The plan administ=
rators, however, interpret this paragraph differently.  Their reading yield=
s a cash payout of 90% of the value for deferrals other than the Phantom St=
ock Account, which they believe should be paid with 90% of  Enron Corp. sha=
res in the account as of September 30, 2001.  Their justification is that i=
n several places throughout the plan document and brochures it is stated th=
at the distributions of the Phantom Stock Account shall be made in shares o=
f Enron Corp. common stock.

There are two reason that I do not agree with their interpretation.  First,=
  section 6.3 begins with "notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan.=
"  This indicates that any other payout methodologies described in other se=
ctions of the plan which deal with normal distribution at termination do no=
t apply.  Second, the language in section 6.3 stating "a single sum distrib=
ution of all of the Participant's deferral accounts" indicates that one pay=
ment will be made not a cash payment separate from a share distribution.

The interpretation of the administrators goes beyond section 6.3.  If that =
is the case then section 7.1 should apply.  This section does provide for t=
he Phantom Stock Account to be paid in shares.  However, it states "The val=
ue of the shares, and resulting payment amount, will be based on the closin=
g price of Enron Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of pay=
ment, and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp common stock".=
  This would result in approximately 8.3 shares to be distributed for every=
 share in the account on January 1, 2001.  Although this would be the most =
beneficial to the participants due to the decline of the value of Enron Cor=
p. common stock from $83 to $10 per share,  this methodology goes beyond se=
ction 6.3.

The calculations below illustrate the difference in the value and method of=
 distribution under each of the three interpretations:

Section 6.3=09=09Plan Administrators=09=09Section 7.1

Number of shares=09=096,600=09shares=09=096,600=09shares=09=09=096,600 shar=
es
Relative share price=09=09$27.23=09=09=09=09=09=09=09$83.13
Phantom Stock Value=09=09$179,718=09=09=09=09=09=09$548,658
10% Penalty=09=09=09-17,972=09=09=09 -600=09=09=09=09-54,866
Value to be distributed=09=09$161,746=09=096,000 shares=09=09=09$493,792
Current stock price=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09$10
Distribution=09=09=09$161,746=09=096,000 shares=09=09=0949,379 shares

I believe my interpretation under section 6.3 is correct and fair.  If the =
administrators insist on distributing shares instead of cash then section 7=
.1 should apply.  The current interpretation of the plan administrators is =
a hybrid between the two sections resulting in the lowest possible payout. =
 =20

In addition to myself, Tom Martin, Scott Neal, and Don Black are facing the=
 same issue.  I would appreciate your review and consideration of this matt=
er.

Sincerely,

Phillip Allen   =20
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09

The spreadsheet you sent will not open up and calculate any yields.  Can you resend?

Phillip,

I have the proposal for you.  Take a look at it and try to respond as soon
as possible.  These are bonds in inventory right now that we can buy.  So,
if you want this please let me know ASAP.

Thanks,

Steve

 <<HS-STEVE MATTHEWS#2.xls>>

******************************************************
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions:
Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions
regarding your UBSPaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will
not be accepted by UBSPaineWebber and UBSPaineWebber
will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.

Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
UBSPaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
review the content of all e-mail communications sent 
and/or received by its employees.
 - HS-STEVE MATTHEWS#2.xls << File: HS-STEVE MATTHEWS#2.xls >> 

Mery,

I will not be in the office on Thursday.  Can we meet on Friday at 10 am?  Try to get a room off the 32nd floor.

Phillip,

We spoke with Ina and scheduled a meeting with you for this Thursday from
10:00 - 11:00 in Room 3267 of the Enron Building.

The purpose of this meeting will be to get your sign-off on the feedback
approach for the simulation. We have outlined, in greater detail than you
and I have previously discussed, what we will provide feedback on and how
we will provide it for each scenario. It will be important for us to get
your input on Thursday because we need to finalize the feedback structure
before we can begin building the course.

If you have any questions, please feel free to call me at Ext. 5-6676.
Mery

This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
privileged, proprietary, or otherwise private information.  If you have
received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the
original.  Any other use of the email by you is prohibited.

Jim,

I realize you are excited about these post offices.  But I really need help analyzing the numbers.  

Phillip

Phillip, Carlos and I will try to respond to your request for a spreadsheet in the next day or two (I'll be at the home office in New Braunfels tomorrow). Meanwhile, I wanted to pass on some news...the Killeen post office probably is gone...I wrote a contract this morning that's now on its way to California for signature. Of course, if you wanted to submit one also, we can do it fairly quickly.

Incidentally, I had the price wrong on Killeen...it's $1,377,550, not $1,360,000.

HOWEVER!! Here's info about another new listing that may be ideal for you; it's a brand new post office at CANYON LAKE, just north of SA, and in a really ideal location to serve all the small communities that surround the reservoir. I have attached a flyer for you...this one, like Killeen, will not be around long because there are other brokers promoting it. I have talked to the postmaster, who tells me that almost all the boxes are gone, and the building is just now ready for occupancy. CPS is connecting over 2200 new power boxes a month in the area. It's really growing. Let me know what you think!!

With best regards, Jim Wills

Phillip.K.Allen@enron.com wrote:

> Jim,
>
> I received your email on the Killeen post office.  I am still having a
> tough time making the math work.  Can you prepare a spreadsheet that would
> show why the post office is such a good investment?  Maybe the assumptions
> I am making about interest rates, expenses, or value at the end of the
> lease are incorrect.
>
> Phillip
>
>       -----Original Message-----
 - Canyon Lake, Texas.doc << File: Canyon Lake, Texas.doc >> 

Tony,

Here is the completed worksheet.  I also attached both a plumbing and an electric worksheet.  

I spoke to Steve Chapman with the panel company in Kerrville.  He has a complete set of plans plus an engineers drawing of the slab.  I let him know that you would swing by and pick them up.  He said he knew Mike.  As I mentioned, Mark Olguin should also have a complete set.  I will arrange for the additional copies to be mailed.

   

Call with questions. 

Phillip
713-853-7041

The west desk would like 2 analysts.

Pam please review.  I don't want to misrepresent your position to Greg.

Greg,

After making an election in October to receive a full distribution of my de=
ferral account under Section 6.3 of the plan, a disagreement has arisen reg=
arding the Phantom Stock Account. =20

Section 6.3 states that a participant may elect to receive a single sum dis=
tribution of all of the participant's deferral accounts subject to a 10% pe=
nalty.  This provision is stated to be notwithstanding any other provision =
of the plan.  It also states that the account balance shall be determined a=
s of the last day of the month preceding the date on which the committee re=
ceives the written request of the participant.  In my case this would be as=
 of September 30th.  I read this paragraph to indicate a cash payout of 90%=
 of the value of all deferrals as on September 30, 2001.  The plan administ=
rators, however, interpret this paragraph differently.  Their reading yield=
s a cash payout of 90% of the value for deferrals other than the Phantom St=
ock Account, which they believe should be paid with 90% of  Enron Corp. sha=
res in the account as of September 30, 2001.  Their justification is that i=
n several places throughout the plan document and brochures it is stated th=
at the distributions of the Phantom Stock Account shall be made in shares o=
f Enron Corp. common stock.

There are two reason that I do not agree with their interpretation.  First,=
  section 6.3 begins with "notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan.=
"  This indicates that any other payout methodologies described in other se=
ctions of the plan which deal with normal distribution at termination do no=
t apply.  Second, the language in section 6.3 stating "a single sum distrib=
ution of all of the Participant's deferral accounts" indicates that one pay=
ment will be made not a cash payment separate from a share distribution.

The interpretation of the administrators goes beyond section 6.3.  If that =
is the case then section 7.1 should apply.  This section does provide for t=
he Phantom Stock Account to be paid in shares.  However, it states "The val=
ue of the shares, and resulting payment amount, will be based on the closin=
g price of Enron Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of pay=
ment, and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp common stock".=
  This would result in approximately 8.3 shares to be distributed for every=
 share in the account on January 1, 2001.  Although this would be the most =
beneficial to the participants due to the decline of the value of Enron Cor=
p. common stock from $83 to $10 per share,  this methodology goes beyond se=
ction 6.3.

The calculations below illustrate the difference in the value and method of=
 distribution under each of the three interpretations:

Section 6.3=09=09Plan Administrators=09=09Section 7.1

Number of shares=09=096,600=09shares=09=096,600=09shares=09=09=096,600 shar=
es
Relative share price=09=09$27.23=09=09=09=09=09=09=09$83.13
Phantom Stock Value=09=09$179,718=09=09=09=09=09=09$548,658
10% Penalty=09=09=09-17,972=09=09=09 -600=09=09=09=09-54,866
Value to be distributed=09=09$161,746=09=096,000 shares=09=09=09$493,792
Current stock price=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09$10
Distribution=09=09=09$161,746=09=096,000 shares=09=09=0949,379 shares

I believe my interpretation under section 6.3 is correct and fair.  If the =
administrators insist on distributing shares instead of cash then section 7=
.1 should apply.  The current interpretation of the plan administrators is =
a hybrid between the two sections resulting in the lowest possible payout. =
 =20

In addition to myself, Tom Martin, Scott Neal, and Don Black are facing the=
 same issue.  I would appreciate your review and consideration of this matt=
er.

Sincerely,

Phillip Allen   =20
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09

Greg,

After making an election in October to receive a full distribution of my de=
ferral account under Section 6.3 of the plan, a disagreement has arisen reg=
arding the Phantom Stock Account. =20

Section 6.3 states that a participant may elect to receive a single sum dis=
tribution of all of the participant's deferral accounts subject to a 10% pe=
nalty.  This provision is stated to be notwithstanding any other provision =
of the plan.  It also states that the account balance shall be determined a=
s of the last day of the month preceding the date on which the committee re=
ceives the written request of the participant.  In my case this would be as=
 of September 30th.  I read this paragraph to indicate a cash payout of 90%=
 of the value of all deferrals as on September 30, 2001.  The plan administ=
rators, however, interpret this paragraph differently.  Their reading yield=
s a cash payout of 90% of the value for deferrals other than the Phantom St=
ock Account, which they believe should be paid with 90% of  Enron Corp. sha=
res in the account as of September 30, 2001.  Their justification is that i=
n several places throughout the plan document and brochures it is stated th=
at the distributions of the Phantom Stock Account shall be made in shares o=
f Enron Corp. common stock.

There are two reason that I do not agree with their interpretation.  First,=
  section 6.3 begins with "notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan.=
"  This indicates that any other payout methodologies described in other se=
ctions of the plan which deal with normal distribution at termination do no=
t apply.  Second, the language in section 6.3 stating "a single sum distrib=
ution of all of the Participant's deferral accounts" indicates that one pay=
ment will be made not a cash payment separate from a share distribution.

The interpretation of the administrators goes beyond section 6.3.  If that =
is the case then section 7.1 should apply.  This section does provide for t=
he Phantom Stock Account to be paid in shares.  However, it states "The val=
ue of the shares, and resulting payment amount, will be based on the closin=
g price of Enron Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of pay=
ment, and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp common stock".=
  This would result in approximately 8.3 shares to be distributed for every=
 share in the account on January 1, 2001.  Although this would be the most =
beneficial to the participants due to the decline of the value of Enron Cor=
p. common stock from $83 to $10 per share,  this methodology goes beyond se=
ction 6.3.

The calculations below illustrate the difference in the value and method of=
 distribution under each of the three interpretations:

Section 6.3=09=09Plan Administrators=09=09Section 7.1

Number of shares=09=096,600=09shares=09=096,600=09shares=09=09=096,600 shar=
es
Relative share price=09=09$27.23=09=09=09=09=09=09=09$83.13
Phantom Stock Value=09=09$179,718=09=09=09=09=09=09$548,658
10% Penalty=09=09=09-17,972=09=09=09 -600=09=09=09=09-54,866
Value to be distributed=09=09$161,746=09=096,000 shares=09=09=09$493,792
Current stock price=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09$10
Distribution=09=09=09$161,746=09=096,000 shares=09=09=0949,379 shares

I believe my interpretation under section 6.3 is correct and fair.  If the =
administrators insist on distributing shares instead of cash then section 7=
.1 should apply.  The current interpretation of the plan administrators is =
a hybrid between the two sections resulting in the lowest possible payout. =
 =20

In addition to myself, Tom Martin, Scott Neal, and Don Black are facing the=
 same issue.  I would appreciate your review and consideration of this matt=
er.

Sincerely,

Phillip Allen   =20
=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09=09

Yevgeny,

Please send me an email describing the zero option so I can pass it along to the other SME's.

Phillip

Phillip,

I am following up to our BRM conversation from Friday.  Obviously it is a valid questions to ask and as you requested I am attaching two documents: one summarizing the options and  2nd cash flow impact.  In the cash flow impact Case 2 & 3 already account for additional cut of 100k from existing cost.  (it comes from Expenses such as projected traveling 30K+Cut in Media 20K + Cut in sim exercises 50K)  The cut in sim exercises need to be confirmed with you. A total of two sims could be cut one.  Accenture will address this question tomorrow during the meeting.  Also,  I will ask them to cut the meeting by 10 min, thus we can go over the documents and can answer your questions.  I am not sure what is Tim's schedule for tomorrow, but at least Kirk and myself will be around. 

Obviously cutting sims is not the best options but we are considering all alternatives at this time.  We will continue to review how to cut labor and expenses.
One question that it would be good if you think about it before we meet is as follow.  Is BRM "core" to the Enron for next few months or new organization?  Please consider the costs of finishing this project.

Sincerely,

Yevgeny Frolov
713-345-8250 w
 << File: BRM Cash Flow Cases.xls >>  << File: BRM Contingency Numbers Rev3.xls >> 

Mike & Tony,

Rather than fill in the design selections, I have attached a spreadsheet that estimates the costs.  Since I have spent so much time researching the house, I think my numbers are pretty close.  

I would be interested in working with a contractor on a cost plus fixed fee basis.  I don't know if this would be agreeable to you.  Take a look at the numbers and let me know what you think.  If we could work together on this basis, I will complete the design selections.  I will make the adjustments necessary to stay within the allowances as we get actual quotes from sub-contractors.

We are torn between two good locations.  However, we are leaning towards Kerrville.  The lot in Kerrville is substantially more expensive than our lot in San Marcos, so we are really stretched to make this house work financially.  We have decided that if we can make Kerrville work within our budget we will go ahead, if not we will fall back to  our plan to move to San Marcos.  

I don't know how many jobs you have going currently, but if we could reach an agreement we would like to start immediately.

Phillip Allen
713-463-8626
pallen70@hotmail.com

 

Mike & Tony,

Rather than fill in the design selections, I have attached a spreadsheet that estimates the costs.  Since I have spent so much time researching the house, I think my numbers are pretty close.  

I would be interested in working with a contractor on a cost plus fixed fee basis.  I don't know if this would be agreeable to you.  Take a look at the numbers and let me know what you think.  If we could work together on this basis, I will complete the design selections.  I will make the adjustments necessary to stay within the allowances as we get actual quotes from sub-contractors.

We are torn between two good locations.  However, we are leaning towards Kerrville.  The lot in Kerrville is substantially more expensive than our lot in San Marcos, so we are really stretched to make this house work financially.  We have decided that if we can make Kerrville work within our budget we will go ahead, if not we will fall back to  our plan to move to San Marcos.  

I don't know how many jobs you have going currently, but if we could reach an agreement we would like to start immediately.

Phillip Allen
713-463-8626
pallen70@hotmail.com <mailto:pallen70@hotmail.com>

 

Mery,

Are we scheduled to meet tomorrow at 10 AM?  If yes can we change to 2 PM?

Phillip
Phillip,

Thank you for meeting with us today. I want to take a few minutes to
summarize the decisions that came out of our meeting.

1. Feedback Approach: We will incorporate the ideas and suggestions you
gave us and move forward with this approach.

2. SME Review of Knowledge System Topics: When the time comes for Topics
reviews, we will send you the name of the SME who is responsible for
sign-off on each topic.

3. Conversion and Arbitrage Problems: We will brainstorm ways to
incorporate more problems without going over our 4-6 hour target. We will
meet with you next Tuesday at 10:00 to review the problems as we've
designed them so far and arrive at a solution. (I will send an e-mail
Monday with the room number.)

Have a good weekend.
Mery

This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
privileged, proprietary, or otherwise private information.  If you have
received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the
original.  Any other use of the email by you is prohibited.

Jim,

Your spreadsheet shows the same type of return I was calculating.  Your insurance and repair numbers seem very low.   Also, assuming that the options to extend at higher rates will be exercised is a huge leap of faith.  I don't believe these properties cost any where near the $150+/sf that they are being offered at.  

Based on the optimistic back loaded returns, I would not be comfortable purchasing a post office at this time.  Thank you anyway.

Phillip

Phillip,

Hope you are doing well this week, and have great plans for Turkeyday!!
We'll be with family in Austin, and kind of on a maiden voyage in our
'83 Avion that we're upgrading for camping!

Here's a look at three post offices in a slightly different manner.
Remember that the Roma one is about 5 years old, was a 15 yr lease
originally. The other two are new.

The Roma is like buying a savings account. It would be paid off in 10
years, you would reap some cash flow during that period, then the bonus
kicks in after that with the 10 yr. renewals at a higher lease income
after it's paid off. It would probably go beyond another 10 years. Cash
on cash returns don't mean as much on shorter amoritazations like Roma.

We have shown this info and flyers to several people, so do let us know
if you are interested in any of them...I really don't think they will
last long. With best regards, Jim Wills

 - new analysis.xls << File: new analysis.xls >> 

Attached is the final version of the California Summary report with maps, graphs, and historical data.

 
Additional charts attempting to explain increase in demand by hydro, load growth, and temperature.  Many assumptions had to be made.  The data is not as solid as numbers in first set of graphs.
 

Can you guys coordinate to make sure someone listens to this conference call each week.  Tara from the fundamental group was recording these calls when they happened every day.

Phillip
James D Steffes@ENRON
05/03/2001 05:44 AM
Please forward to anyone on your team that wants updates on Western wholesale matters (should also give you an opportunity to raise state matters if you want to discuss).

Jim
Ray Alvarez
05/02/2001 05:40 PM
Date:			Every Thursday
Time: 			1:00 pm Pacific, 3:00 pm Central, and 4:00 pm Eastern time,
 Number: 		1-888-271-0949, 
 Host Code:		661877, (for Jim only),
 Participant Code:	936022, (for everyone else),

Attached is the table of the on-going FERC issues and proceedings updated for use on tomorrow's conference call.  It is available to all team members on the O drive. Please feel free to revise/add to/ update this table as appropriate.

Proposed agenda for tomorrow:

Power-  Discussion of FERC market monitoring and mitigation order in EL00-95-12 and review of upcoming filings
Gas-	Response to subpoenas of SoCal Edison in RP00-241 and upcoming items
Misc.

I will be unable to participate in the call tomorrow as I will be attending the Senate Energy and Resource Committee Hearing on the elements of the FERC market monitoring and mitigation order.

 

If you have any questions, please contact Kristin Walsh at (713) 853-9510.

Bridge Loan Financing Bills May Not Meet Their May 8th Deadline Due to Lack=
 of Support
Sources report there will not be a vote regarding the authorization for the=
 bond issuance/bridge loan by the May 8th deadline.   Any possibility for a=
 deal has reportedly fallen apart.  According to sources, both the Republic=
ans and Democratic caucuses are turning against Davis.  The Democratic cauc=
us is reportedly "unwilling to fight" for Davis.  Many legislative Republic=
ans and Democrats reportedly do not trust Davis and express concern that, o=
nce the bonds are issued to replenish the General Fund, Davis would "double=
 dip" into the fund.  Clearly there is a lack of good faith between the leg=
islature and the governor.  However, it is believed once Davis discloses th=
e details of the power contracts negotiated, a bond issuance will take plac=
e.  Additionally, some generator sources have reported that some of the lon=
g-term power contracts (as opposed to those still in development) require t=
hat the bond issuance happen by July 1, 2001.  If not, the state may be in =
breach of contract.  Sources state that if the legislature does not pass th=
e bridge loan legislation by May 8th, having a bond issuance by July 1st wi=
ll be very difficult.

The Republicans were planning to offer an alternative plan whereby the stat=
e would "eat" the $5 billion cost of power spent to date out of the General=
 Fund, thereby decreasing the amount of the bond issuance to approximately =
$8 billion.  However, the reportedly now are not  going to offer even this =
concession.  Sources report that the Republicans intend to hold out for ful=
l disclosure of the governor's plan for handling the crisis, including the =
details and terms of all long-term contracts he has negotiated, before they=
 will support the bond issuance to go forward.

Currently there are two bills dealing  with the bridge  loan; AB 8X and AB =
31X.  AB 8X authorizes the DWR to sell up to $10 billion in bonds.  This bi=
ll passed the Senate in March, but has stalled in the Assembly due to a lac=
k of Republican support.  AB 31X deals with energy conservation programs fo=
r community college districts.  However, sources report this bill may be am=
ended to include language relevant to the bond sale by Senator Bowen, curre=
ntly in AB 8X.  Senator  Bowen's language states that the state should get =
paid before the utilities from rate payments (which, if passed, would be li=
kely to cause a SoCal  bankruptcy).=20
=20
According to sources close to the Republicans in  the legislature, Republic=
ans do not believe there should be a bridge loan due to money available in =
the General Fund.  For instance, Tony  Strickland has stated that only 1/2 =
of the bonds (or approximately $5 billion)  should be issued.  Other Republ=
icans reportedly do not support issuing any  bonds.  The Republicans intend=
 to bring this up in debate on  Monday.  Additionally, Lehman Brothers repo=
rtedly also feels that a  bridge loan is unnecessary and there are some ind=
ications that Lehman may  back out of the bridge loan.
=20
Key Points of the Bridge Financing
Initial Loan Amount:=09$4.125 B
Lenders:=09=09JP Morgan=09=09$2.5 B
=09=09=09Lehman Brothers=09=09$1.0 B
=09=09=09Bear Stearns=09=09$625 M
Tax Exempt Portion:=09Of the $4.125 B; $1.6 B is expected to be tax-exempt
Projected Interest Rate:=09Taxable Rate=09=095.77%
=09=09=09Tax-Exempt Rate=09=094.77%
Current Projected=20
Blended IR:=09=095.38%
Maturity Date:=09=09August 29, 2001
For more details please contact me at (713) 853-9510

Bill SB 6X Passed the Senate Yesterday, but Little Can be Done at This Time
The Senate passed SB 6X yesterday, which authorizes $5  billion to create t=
he California Consumer Power and Conservation  Authority.    The $5 billion=
 authorized under SB 6X is not the  same as the $5 billion that must be aut=
horized by the legislature to pay for  power already purchased, or the addi=
tional amount of bonds that must be authorized to pay for purchasing power =
going forward.  Again, the Republicans are not in support of these authoriz=
ations.  Without the details of the long-term power contracts the governor =
has  negotiated, the Republicans do not know what the final bond amount is =
that must  be issued and that taxpayers will have to pay to support.   No f=
urther action can be taken regarding the implementation of  SB 6X until it =
is clarified how and when the state and the utilities get paid  for purchas=
ing power.    Also, there is no staff, defined purpose, etc. for  the Calif=
ornia Public Power and Conservation Authority.  However, this can  be consi=
dered a victory for consumer advocates, who began promoting this idea  earl=
ier in the crisis.
=20
SoCal Edison and Bankruptcy
At this point, two events would be likely to trigger a SoCal bankruptcy.  T=
he first would be a legislative rejection of the MOU between SoCal and the =
governor.  The specified deadline for legislative approval of the MOU is Au=
gust 15th, however, some decision will likely be made earlier.  According t=
o sources, the state has yet to sign the MOU with SoCal, though SoCal has s=
igned it.  The Republicans are against the MOU in its current form and Davi=
s and the Senate lack the votes needed to pass.  If the legislature indicat=
es that it will not pas the MOU, SoCal would likely file for voluntary bank=
ruptcy (or its creditor - involuntary) due to the lack operating cash. =20

The second likely triggering event, which is linked directly to the bond is=
suance, would be an effort by Senator Bowen to amend SB 31X (bridge loan) s=
tating that the DWR would received 100% of its payments from ratepayers, th=
en the utilities would receive the residual amount.  In other words, the st=
ate will get paid before the utilities.  If this language is included and p=
assed by the legislature, it appears likely that SoCal will likely file for=
 bankruptcy.  SoCal is urging the legislature to pay both the utilities and=
 the DWR proportionately from rate payments.

James D Steffes@ENRON
05/03/2001 05:44 AM
Please forward to anyone on your team that wants updates on Western wholesale matters (should also give you an opportunity to raise state matters if you want to discuss).

Jim
Ray Alvarez
05/02/2001 05:40 PM
Date:			Every Thursday
Time: 			1:00 pm Pacific, 3:00 pm Central, and 4:00 pm Eastern time,
 Number: 		1-888-271-0949, 
 Host Code:		661877, (for Jim only),
 Participant Code:	936022, (for everyone else),

Attached is the table of the on-going FERC issues and proceedings updated for use on tomorrow's conference call.  It is available to all team members on the O drive. Please feel free to revise/add to/ update this table as appropriate.

Proposed agenda for tomorrow:

Power-  Discussion of FERC market monitoring and mitigation order in EL00-95-12 and review of upcoming filings
Gas-	Response to subpoenas of SoCal Edison in RP00-241 and upcoming items
Misc.

I will be unable to participate in the call tomorrow as I will be attending the Senate Energy and Resource Committee Hearing on the elements of the FERC market monitoring and mitigation order.

 

Phillip,

This section pertains to terminated employees who are paid out in the year following the termination event.  The way the tax law works, the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent.  As such, we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent.  We will be distributing the shares reflected on your 9/30/01 statement (6,606 shares plus cash for fractional shares).  If you would prefer to settle the taxes with a personal check, we can distribute gross shares.  Please let me know you preference.

As you know, we are in the process of transferring recordkeeping services from NTRC to Hewitt.  As such, we have a CPA, Larry Lewis, working with us to audit and set up transition files.  He has become our department expert on the PSA account (much more knowledgeable than myself)  and the various plan provision amendments.  If you would like, we can set up a conference call with you, myself, and Larry to go over the payment methodology.  Please let me know a date and time that is convenient for you.

Thanks,

Renee

Renee,

Thank you for digging in to the issue of Deferred Phantom Stock Units.  It is clear that the payment will be made in shares.  However, I still don't understand which date will be used to determine the value and calculate how many shares.  The plan document under VII.  Amount of Benefit Payments reads "The value of the shares, and resulting payment amount will be based on the closing price of Enron Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of payment, and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp. common stock."  Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account.

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

Traveling to have a business meeting takes the fun out of the trip.  Especially if you have to prepare a presentation.  I would suggest holding the business plan meetings here then take a trip without any formal business meetings.  I would even try and get some honest opinions on whether a trip is even desired or necessary.

As far as the business meetings, I think it would be more productive to try and stimulate discussions across the different groups about what is working and what is not.  Too often the presenter speaks and the others are quiet just waiting for their turn.   The meetings might be better if held in a round table discussion format.  

My suggestion for where to go is Austin.  Play golf and rent a ski boat and jet ski's.  Flying somewhere takes too much time.

Tim,

mike grigsby is having problems with accessing the west power site.  Can you please make sure he has an active password.  

Thank you,

Phillip

Reagan,

Just wanted to give you an update.  I have changed the unit mix to include some 1 bedrooms and reduced the number of buildings to 12.  Kipp Flores is working on the construction drawings.  At the same time I am pursuing FHA financing.  Once the construction drawings are complete I will send them to you for a revised bid.  Your original bid was competitive and I am still attracted to your firm because of your strong local presence and contacts.

Phillip

Jim,

Is there going to be a conference call or some type of weekly meeting about all the regulatory issues facing California this week?  Can you make sure the gas desk is included.

Phillip

Ina Rangel
05/01/2001 12:24 PM
   
-
Full Name:        Phillip Allen

Login ID:  	pallen

Extension:  3-7041

Office Location:  EB3210C

What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Both

Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, Jornada)  IPAQ

Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  NO
    If yes, who?  

Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  YES
    If yes, who?  INA RANGEL

Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  
    If yes, who?  NO

Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  
    If yes, who?  NO

Do you have access to a shared calendar?  
    If yes, which shared calendar?  YES, West Calendar

Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings)?  
    If yes, please list here:  NO

Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  NONE

In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know:

Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc? NO
       If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):      

<Embedded StdOleLink>

As discussed on the phone earlier today, please send 5 full sets plus 5 floor plan only sets of my house plan to 

Dyal Roberts Custom Homes
260 Thompson Drive
Suite 19
Kerrville, TX 78028

Thank you,

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041

Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
04/27/2001 01:01 PM

Current Notes User:

REASONS FOR USING OUTLOOK WEB ACCESS (OWA)

1. Once your mailbox has been migrated from Notes to Outlook, the Outlook c=
lient will be configured on your computer.
After migration of your mailbox, you will not be able to send or recieve ma=
il via Notes, and you will not be able to start using Outlook until it is c=
onfigured by the Outlook Migration team the morning after your mailbox is m=
igrated.  During this period, you can use Outlook Web Access (OWA) via your=
 web browser (Internet Explorer 5.0) to read and send mail.

PLEASE NOTE:  Your calendar entries, personal address book, journals, and T=
o-Do entries imported from Notes will not be available until the Outlook cl=
ient is configured on your desktop.

2. Remote access to your mailbox.
After your Outlook client is configured, you can use Outlook Web Access (OW=
A) for remote access to your mailbox.

PLEASE NOTE:  At this time, the OWA client is only accessible while connect=
ing to the Enron network (LAN).  There are future plans to make OWA availab=
le from your home or when traveling abroad.

HOW TO ACCESS OUTLOOK WEB ACCESS (OWA)

Launch Internet Explorer 5.0, and in the address window type:  http://nahou=
-msowa01p/exchange/john.doe

Substitute "john.doe" with your first and last name, then click ENTER.  You=
 will be prompted with a sign in box as shown below.  Type in "corp/your us=
er id" for the user name and your NT password to logon to OWA and click OK.=
  You will now be able to view your mailbox.

=09

PLEASE NOTE:  There are some subtle differences in the functionality betwee=
n the Outlook and OWA clients.  You will not be able to do many of the thin=
gs in OWA that you can do in Outlook.  Below is a brief list of *some* of t=
he functions NOT available via OWA:

Features NOT available using OWA:

-  Tasks
-  Journal
-  Spell Checker
-  Offline Use
-  Printing Templates
-  Reminders
-  Timed Delivery
-  Expiration
-  Outlook Rules
-  Voting, Message Flags and Message Recall
-  Sharing Contacts with others
-  Task Delegation
-  Direct Resource Booking
-  Personal Distribution Lists

QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS?

If you have questions or concerns using the OWA client, please contact the =
Outlook 2000 question and answer Mailbox at:

=09Outlook.2000@enron.com

Otherwise, you may contact the Resolution Center at:

=09713-853-1411

Thank you,

Outlook 2000 Migration Team

Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
04/27/2001 01:00 PM
Current Notes User:=20

To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook,=
 it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date o=
f migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the followin=
g survey.  When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Se=
nd'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration M=
ailbox.

Thank you.

Outlook 2000 Migration Team

Full Name:       =20

Login ID: =20

Extension: =20

Office Location: =20

What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both) =20

Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilo=
t, Jornada) =20

Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar? =20
    If yes, who? =20

Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar? =20
    If yes, who? =20

Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book? =20
    If yes, who? =20

Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? =20
    If yes, who? =20

Do you have access to a shared calendar? =20
    If yes, which shared calendar? =20

Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for m=
ass mailings)? =20
    If yes, please list here: =20

Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: =20

In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will =
need to know:

Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
       If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):     =20

Alan, 

You should have received updated numbers from Keith Holst.  Call me if you did not receive them.

Phillip

Alan Comnes
04/27/2001 01:38 PM
Phillip,

I got this request.  On the gas side, I think Kean/Lay need an update to a table you prepared for me a few months ago, which I've attached..  Can you oblige?  Thanks,

Alan Comnes

 

Janel Guerrero@ENRON
04/27/2001 12:44 PM
Alan,

Steve has asked that you update the power point below so that it reflects all of the "stupid regulatory/legislative decisions" since the beginning of the year.  Ken wants to have this updated chart in his briefing book for next week's "Ken Lay Tour" to CA.  

He also wants a forward price curve for both gas and power in CA.  Can we get these three documents by Monday afternoon?  

Alan Comnes
04/27/2001 01:38 PM
Phillip,

I got this request.  On the gas side, I think Kean/Lay need an update to a table you prepared for me a few months ago, which I've attached..  Can you oblige?  Thanks,

Alan Comnes

 

Janel Guerrero@ENRON
04/27/2001 12:44 PM
Alan,

Steve has asked that you update the power point below so that it reflects all of the "stupid regulatory/legislative decisions" since the beginning of the year.  Ken wants to have this updated chart in his briefing book for next week's "Ken Lay Tour" to CA.  

He also wants a forward price curve for both gas and power in CA.  Can we get these three documents by Monday afternoon?  

Send to Karen Buckley.  Trading track interview to be conducted in May. 

Tim,

Can you authorize access to the west power site for Keith Holtz.  He is our Southern California basis trader and is under a two year contract.

On another note, is it my imagination or did the SARR website lower its forecast for McNary discharge during May.  It seems like the flows have been lowered into the 130 range and there are fewer days near 170.  Also the second half of April doesn't seem to have panned out as I expected.  The outflows stayed at 100-110 at McNary.  Can you email or call with some additional insight?

Thank you,

Phillip

I would look at properties in San Antonio or Dallas.

Gary,

I have also been speaking to Johnnie Brown in San Antonio to be the general contractor.  According to Johnnie, I would not be pay any less buying from the factory versus purchasing the panels through him since my site is within his region.  Assuming this is true, I will work directly with him.  I believe he has sent you my plans.  They were prepared by Kipp Flores architects.  

Can you confirm that the price is the same direct from the factory or from the distributor?  If you have the estimates worked up for Johnnie will you please email them to me as well?

Thank you for your time.  I am excited about potentially using your product.

Phillip Allen

Ray,

Is there any detail on the gas cost proxy.  Which delivery points from which publication will be used?  Basically, can you help us get any clarification on the language "the average daily cost of gas for all delivery points in California"?

Phillip

Phillip, 
The additional property information you requested on the Regatta, Sea Breeze & Harvard Place Apartments in Austin, Texas has been sent for 10:30 am delivery on Thursday, November 29th via Lone Star Overnight (Airbill # 22146964).
Please call with any questions after your review of the information.  We are set up to preview Sea Breeze and Harvard Place on Friday, the 30th at 9:00am starting at Harvard Place.
Thank you, 
Chris Stutzman 
Chris Stutzman 
Marketing Director 
Kennedy-Wilson Brokerage Services 
5929 Balcones Drive 
Suite 100 
Austin, TX  78731 
(512) 451-5555 Phone 
(512) 459-9617 Fax 
cstutzman@kennedywilson.com <mailto:cstutzman@kennedywilson.com> 

Ned,

Regarding the Waha storage, the west desk does not have a strong need for this storage but we are always willing to show a bid based on the current summer/winter spreads and cycling value.  The following assumptions were made to establish our bid:  5% daily injection capacity, 10% daily withdrawal capacity, 1% fuel (injection only), 0.01/MMBtu variable injection and withdrawal fees.  Also an undiscounted  June 01 to January 02 spread of $0.60 existed at the time of this bid.

Bid for a 1 year storage contract beginning June 01 based on above assumptions:  $0.05/ MMBtu/Month ($0.60/Year).  Demand charges only.

I am not sure if this is exactly what you need or not.  Please call or email with comments.

Phillip Allen

Ray Alvarez@ENRON
04/25/2001 11:48 AM
Phil,  I suspect that discussions/negotiations are taking place behind closed doors "in smoke filled rooms", if not directly between Commissioners then among FERC staffers.  Never say never, but I think it is highly unlikely that the final order will contain a fixed price cap.  I base this belief in large part on what I heard at a luncheon I attended yesterday afternoon at which the keynote speaker was FERC Chairman Curt Hebert.  Although the Chairman began his presentation by expressly stating that he would not comment or answer questions on pending proceedings before the Commission, Hebert had some enlightening comments which relate to price caps:

Price caps are almost never the right answer
Price Caps will have the effect of prolonging shortages
Competitive choices for consumers is the right answer
Any solution, however short term, that does not increase supply or reduce demand, is not acceptable
Eight out of eleven western Governors oppose price caps, in that they would export California's problems to the West

This is the latest intelligence I have on the matter, and it's a pretty strong anti- price cap position.  Of course, Hebert is just one Commissioner out of 3 currently on the Commission, but he controls the meeting agenda and if the draft order is not to his liking, the item could be bumped off the agenda.  Hope this info helps.  Ray

Phillip K Allen@ECT
04/25/2001 02:28 PM
Are there behind closed doors discussions being held prior to the meeting?  Is there the potential for a surprise announcement of some sort of fixed price gas or power cap once the open meeting finally happens?

<Embedded StdOleLink>
<Embedded StdOleLink>

Are there behind closed doors discussions being held prior to the meeting?  Is there the potential for a surprise announcement of some sort of fixed price gas or power cap once the open meeting finally happens?

Gary,

Here is a photograph of a similar house.  The dimensions would be 56'Wide X 41' Deep for the living area.  In addition there will be a 6' deep two story porch across the entire back and 30' across the front.  A modification to the front will be the addition of a gable across 25' on the left side.  The living area will be brought forward under this gable to be flush with the front porch.  

I don't have my floor plan with me at work today, but will bring in tomorrow and fax you a copy.

Phillip Allen
713-853-7041
pallen@enron.com

Hunter S Shively
03/26/2001 10:01 AM
 

it works.  thank you

Eric Benson@ENRON on 04/24/2001 11:47:40 AM
Mr. Allen - 

Per our phone conversation, please see the instructions below to get access to view FERC meetings.  Please advise if there are any problems, questions or concerns.

Eric Benson
Sr. Specialist
Enron Government Affairs - The Americas
713-853-1711

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

As long as you are configured to receive Real Video, you should be able to access the FERC meeting this Wednesday, November 8.  The instructions are below.

Janet Butler
10/31/2000 04:12 PM
 		

Here is the URL address for the Capitol Connection.  You should be able to simply click on this URL below and it should come up for you.  (This is assuming your computer is configured for Real Video/Audio).  We will pay for the annual contract and bill your cost centers.

You are connected for tomorrow as long as you have access to Real Video.

http://www.capitolconnection.gmu.edu/

Instructions:

Once into the Capitol Connection sight, click on FERC
Click on first line (either "click here" or box)
Dialogue box should require:  user name:  enron-y
			           password:  fercnow

Real Player will connect you to the meeting

Expand your screen as you wish for easier viewing

Adjust your sound as you wish

Frank,

The implied risk created by the san juan and rockies indeces being partially set after today is the same as the risk in a long futures position.  Whatever the risk was prior should not matter.  Since the rest of the books are very short price this should be a large offset.  If the VAR calculation does not match the company's true risk then it needs to be revised or adjusted.  

Phillip

I just spoke to the insurance company.  They are going to cancel and prorate my policy and work with the Kuo's to issue a new policy.

FYI, 
?	Selling 500/d of SoCal, XH lowers overall desk VAR by $8 million
?	Selling 500K KV, lowers overall desk VAR by $4 million

Frank

Griff,

It is bidweek again.  I need to provide view only ID's to the two major publications that post the monthly indeces.  Please email an id and password to the following:

Dexter Steis at Natural Gas Intelligence-	dexter@intelligencepress.com

Liane Kucher at Inside Ferc-  lkuch@mh.com

Bidweek is under way so it is critical that these id's are sent out asap.

Thanks for your help,

Phillip Allen

Hey Phillip,

I have gone into travel planning mode and wanted to invite both you and
Keith on a scuba expedition.

Greg, our friend Larry Hudler and I are planning a trip to Fiji January 24th
to Feb. 2nd.  All in, the trip should be about $2,000.  This includes
Airfare, Condo, Diving, Food, and Drink, and maybe a little more drink.

Let me know if either of you can attend.

Darrell

Send his resume to Karen Buckley.  I believe there will be a full round of interviews for the trading track in May.

Have him send his resume to Karen Buckley in HR.  There is a new round of trading track interviews in May.

Andrea,

After reviewing Bryan Hull's resume, I think he would be best suited for the trading track program.  Please forward his resume to Karen Buckley.

Phillip

I think Chad deserves an interview.

Johnnie,

Thank you for meeting with me on Friday.  I left feeling very optimistic about the panel system.  I would like to find a way to incorporate the panels into the home design I showed you.  In order to make it feasible within my budget I am sure it will take several iterations.  The prospect of purchasing the panels and having your  framers install them may have to be considered.  However, my first choice would be for you to be the general contractor.

I realize you receive a number of calls just seeking information about this product with very little probability of a sale.  I just want to assure you that I am going to build this house in the fall and I would seriously consider using the panel system if it truly was only a slight increase in cost over stick built.

Please email your cost estimates when complete.

Thank you,

Phillip Allen

I still use this service

Ina, 

Can you please forward the presentation to Mog.

Phillip
Hi Philip

If you do have slides preapred,, can you have your assistant e:mail a copy to Mog Heu, who will conference in from New York.

Thanks, karen

The topic will the the western natural gas market.  I may have overhead slides.  I will bring handouts.

Chad,

Call Ted Bland about the trading track program.  All the desks are trying to use this program to train analysts to be traders.  Your experience should help you in the process and make the risk rotation unnecessary. Unless you are dying to do another rotation is risk.

Phillip 

How am I to send them the money for the silent second?  Regular mail, overnight, wire transfer?  I don't see how their bank will make the funds available by Friday unless I wire the money.  If that is what I need to do please send wiring instructions.

The topic will the the western natural gas market.  I may have overhead slides.  I will bring handouts.

Thanks for the invitation.  Keith might have the freedom to go.  

Phillip

Hey Phillip,

I have gone into travel planning mode and wanted to invite both you and
Keith on a scuba expedition.

Greg, our friend Larry Hudler and I are planning a trip to Fiji January 24th
to Feb. 2nd.  All in, the trip should be about $2,000.  This includes
Airfare, Condo, Diving, Food, and Drink, and maybe a little more drink.

Let me know if either of you can attend.

Darrell

Jeff,

I am in the office today.  Any isssues to deal with for the stagecoach?

Phillip

Enron Wholesale Services (EES Gas Desk)

Approved Trader List:

Name				Title				Region		Basis Only

Black, Don			Vice President			Any Desk

Hewitt, Jess			Director				All Desks
Vanderhorst, Barry		Director				East, West	
Shireman, Kris			Director				West
Des Champs, Joe		Director				Central
Reynolds, Roger 		Director				West

Migliano, Andy 			Manager			Central
Wiltfong, Jim			Manager			All Desks

Barker, Jim			Sr, Specialist			East
Fleming, Matt			Sr. Specialist			East - basis only
Tate, Paul			Sr. Specialist			East - basis only
Driscoll, Marde			Sr. Specialist			East - basis only
Arnold, Laura			Sr. Specialist			Central - basis only	
Blaine, Jay			Sr. Specialist			East - basis only
Guerra, Jesus			Sr. Specialist			Central - basis only
Bangle, Christina		Sr. Specialist			East - basis only
Smith, Rhonda			Sr. Specialist			East - basis only
Boettcher, Amanda		Sr. Specialist			Central - basis only
Pendegraft, Sherry		Sr. Specialist			East - basis only
Ruby Robinson			Specialist			West - basis only
Diza, Alain			Specialist			East - basis only

Monday, April 16, 2001
Jess P. Hewitt
Revised
Approved Trader List.doc

The insurance company is: 

Central Insurance Agency, Inc
6000 N., Lamar
P.O. Box 15427
Austin, TX 78761-5427

Policy #CBI420478

Contact:  Jeanette Peterson

(512)451-6551

The actual policy is signed by Vista Insurance Partners.

Please try and schedule the appraiser for sometime after 1 p.m. so my Dad can walk him around.  

I will be out of town on Tuesday.  What else do we need to get done before closing?

Phillip

thanks for the update.  This is very useful.

Phillip,
	Below is a brief update on the Sutter Power plant.  We expect more information soon on both and will forward it when received.  Please let me know if you have any questions.

Sutter Power (500 MW)
They are very close to being complete with all construction
They are currently taking in gas for testing of the plant and the project is expected to be fully on-line July 2nd
All environmental permitting and regulatory hurdles have been completed

Thanks,
Kristin

Jeff,

I received the fax from Velasquez Masonry for $11,000.  He is proposing to do work on nine buildings.  From the memo from the city it sounds like 33,34,35, and 42 are the units that are at risk for collapse.  I don't want to pay for any discretionary work.  Also, I am still waiting for a quote from another mason.  

I am willing to offer $5,000 toward the repair and removal of rock in return for the release prepared by Jacques.  With regard to the utilities I want to have them transferred on Monday the 21st.  That will be one month that the utilities have been in my name.  It needs to be clear that I will net that month's electric and water against the $5,000 for the rock.

If she is willing to take the money for repairs we should be able to wrap things up immediately.  If not we will have to continue negotiations, but the utilities still need to be transferred.

Phillip

Tim, 
 
Thanks for the update.  

Here's the forecast that you asked for, updated for reported actuals, mid-Columbia spill participation and an assumption that the current drastic efforts to refill continue through June 10. Not included is the rumored 400 MW-mo of federal lower Columbia spill that's been considered for the May to mid-June time frame. 

That is fine

Deskheads:

I would like to have a 2 hour team building session for the assistants, receptionists, and clerks on Friday 5/25/01.  The only thing that will be charged to your cost center is the cost of a lunch brought in for the administrative staff.  

I know that the assistants usually are out of here between 12:30 to 1:30 being that this is a Friday before a holiday.   I would like to have the session start at 12:30 so that they can still be out of here by 2:30 that day.  This would require the phones being on solo pilot starting at 12:30.

Please respond with your approval, questions and/or comments as soon as time permits so I can set everything up this week.

Many thanks,
Ina Rangel

Jim,

I read through the data request.  We cannot provide several of the items that they requested.  We do not break out our california deals into separate transport and commodity components.  Also the majortiy of our buys and sells net out without exchanging actual transport contract numbers.  I know in the past Becky C. has worked with our back office to pull the data directly from the system.  Let me know if I need to do anything to assist gathering the data.  I would  like to review the final product before it is submitted.

Phillip

Becky --

Pls take the lead in coordinating our response to these requests.

It is critical that legal litigation counsel (Richard Sanders and Bob Williams) see and approve the responses before sending to FERC.

Thanks,

Jim

 
FERC's data request is attached.
Date: Tue, 15 May 2001 14:21:08 -0500
Time: 5/15/01 3:19:28 PM
Received from remote ID: 202 273 0901
Inbound user ID RICHRS, routing code 2125
Result: (0/352;0/0) Successful Send
Page record: 1 - 3
Elapsed time: 01:24 on channel 1

 - M00063C7.TIF << File: M00063C7.TIF >> 

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

http://www.caiso.com/SystemStatus.html

Kristin,

Have you seen any studies associated with the opinions that the $12B is not enough.  I would like to see some calculations that multiply the net short by the power cost and compare that to the amounts collected through rates.  

Phillip

PLEASE TREAT AS CONFIDENTIAL

A source had a meeting today with California state treasurer Phil Angelides.  Here are the main points from their conversation

1.	Anglelides Certain that SoCal Will Go Bankrupt

Corroborating our line over the past four months, Anglelides stated with confidence that SoCal would go bankrupt and that "he was surprised they hadn't already."  He noted that the only reason they haven't yet is that "they were too stupid to ring-fence the parent" and that "their two biggest equity holders were screaming not to do it."

He added that the Davis/SoCal MOU is dead and that all the "Plan B's" are "speculative" at best.  He also thought that SoCal was being "naive if they thought they would get a better deal from the legislature than from the bankruptcy court."

2.	Bond Issuance- $12B Not Enough

Angelides conceded that a $12B bond issue would not be enough to buy power for the summer and that the true costs would probably be $18-24B.   The only reason they didn't issue more is that Angelides felt that "$12B was all the market could handle."  The current game plan for bonds assumes an average peak price for power of $400/MWh, which Angelides said explains the difference between his estimates and the higher estimates from State Comptroller's Kathleen Connell's office.

3.	New Generator Construction

Anglelides was explicit that the California Public Power Authority (authorized by the legislature last week) will "build plants and not stop until we [California] has a 10-15% capacity cushion above expected demand.  Angelides expects the state to be "5-10% short on power all summer."

Phillip Allen
Home 713-463-8626
Cell 713-410-4679

Remember to fax a copy of the term sheet to John Butler. (fax: 212-450-4800)

Adrianne,

Last night I spoke to two potential candidates for the trading track, Emil Carlsson and Thomas Considine.

Emil is currently tutoring at Hofstra after leaving an option trading position.  I would recommend bringing Emil to Houston for further interviews based on his technical knowledge.  The biggest drawback was his current situation might show a lack of motivation.

Thomas was working as an equity market maker.  He is interested in making a change to a job where he can develop more expertise.  He is seeking to develop a better understanding of the market he trades.  The trading track would be an excellent match for his desires.  I would also recommend bringing Thomas to Houston for further consideration.

Phillip

John,

Managing VAR limits is essential and P&L Penalties are a great way to achieve this.  However, we need to find a way to impliment this method while minimizing negative side effects such as: (1) discouraging aggressive trading; and (2) significant morale reductions caused by penalties which do not fit the crime.

I still disagree with the $1 Million fine for such a minor violation of our VAR limit.  The punishment does not fit the crime. What message are you trying to send?  The message being received is that we should trade less aggressively and leave several million dollars of headroom at all times.  Also locations such as Socal, Malin and PG&E should be avoided due to limited liquidity and potential volatility spikes.  I know these are not your intended messages.  

I realize you have given the west desk significant leeway in the last few months regarding VAR.  We have been making excellent progress towards VAR reduction in an environment in which the VAR calculation and tolerance are constantly changing.   My suggestion for implementing a VAR control system that provides for penalties but gives traders room to probe for maximum VAR utilization is a warning for minor breaches (<$500,000) and penalties for violation of two or more consecutive days or initial violations greater than $500,000.  The amount of the penalties should be documented in advance and should increase with the amount of the violation.

Please consider these suggestions.  We want to play by the rules, but the rules need to be fair and known in advance.  Also, we are willing to accept these policy revisions retroactively and forget about the $1 million from this morning.

Phillip

  

Sue,

Tim Belden forwarded this message to me.  Can you please add Mike Grigsby, Keith Holst, Frank Ermis, and myself to your email distribution list.  We are all holding significant gas positions in California and are greatly affected by any gas or power developments withing the state.  

With regard to Socal's comments, do you have any additional information?  This is quite a 180 from the presentations that Socal has been giving to the CPUC and at other forums.  Until now they have been consistently stating that they will have plenty of gas.

Phillip

Just heard this on an IEP call and wanted to pass it along.

SoCal gas has announced that it may have to curtail gas to power plants this summer.  SoCal Gas says it has to put gas in storage for winter and may not be able to do that and serve the power plants. Apparently, SoCal is shipping gas to Mexico at the same time. That will not look good to CA politicians.

Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854

Please remove from email.

Phillip Allen

This message was not sent unsolicited. Your email has been submitted and ve=
rified for opt in promotions. It is our goal to bring you the best in onlin=
e promotions. =09  =09
  =09=09
  =09=09
            [IMAGE]  [IMAGE]    [IMAGE]  [IMAGE]    Skip  the ties and colo=
gne this year.  Enjoy EXCLUSIVE  SAVINGS from Omaha Steaks!  Plus get 6 Bur=
gers  FREE!       Get  these great Omaha Steaks at 1/2 Price!              =
     [IMAGE] << File: http://216.242.237.6:8765/nmail/click?id=3DDEEFPBCJFC=
JBPBBIHC >>      [IMAGE] << File: http://216.242.237.6:8765/nmail/click?id=
=3DDEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIHD >>      [IMAGE] << File: http://216.242.237.6:8765/nm=
ail/click?id=3DDEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIHE >>      4  (7 oz.) Filet Mignons << File:=
 http://216.242.237.6:8765/nmail/click?id=3DDEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIHF >>      File=
t  & Strip Combo << File: http://216.242.237.6:8765/nmail/click?id=3DDEEFPB=
CJFCJBPBBIHG >>       4  (5 oz.) Bacon Wrapped Filets << File: http://216.2=
42.237.6:8765/nmail/click?id=3DDEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIHH >>            2 (6 oz.) F=
ilet  Mignons  2 (10 oz.)  Boneless Strips     [IMAGE]  Reg.  Price $64.00 =
  Your  Exclusive Price  $32.00    Save  $32.00!      [IMAGE]  Reg.  Price =
$69.00    Your  Exclusive Price  $34.50    Save  $34.50!      [IMAGE]  Reg.=
  Price $46.99    Your  Exclusive Price  $23.50    Save  $23.49!      [IMAG=
E] << File: http://216.242.237.6:8765/nmail/click?id=3DDEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIHI >=
>     [IMAGE]  [IMAGE] << File: http://216.242.237.6:8765/nmail/click?id=3D=
DEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIHJ >>     [IMAGE]  [IMAGE] << File: http://216.242.237.6:87=
65/nmail/click?id=3DDEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIIA >>            You can't go wrong wit=
h  a gift from   Omaha Steaks << File: http://216.242.237.6:8765/nmail/clic=
k?id=3DDEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIIB >> !  There are no wrong  sizes or wrong colors. =
 We're so  confident your Dad will be delighted with  his gift, we're offer=
ing you our 100%  satisfaction guarantee.  If your  Dad isn't absolutely th=
rilled - for any  reason - we'll replace his order or refund  your money, w=
hichever you prefer.   Order today at www.omahasteaks.com. << File: http://=
216.242.237.6:8765/nmail/click?id=3DDEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIIC >>     Your Dad is s=
ure to be pleased when  he sees the Omaha Steaks cooler waiting  for him at=
 the door.  Now comes  the smile when he opens the package  and sees the pe=
rsonalized note from  you saying "Happy Father's Day!".   So this year, ski=
p the ties and cologne  and impress Dad with Omaha  Steaks << File: http://=
216.242.237.6:8765/nmail/click?id=3DDEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIID >>  - a Father's Day=
 gift he  can really sink his teeth into!       Sincerely,  [IMAGE] Fred  S=
imon Owner, OmahaSteaks.com 1-800-960-8400     P.S. Don't forget  to rememb=
er grandfathers, uncles, fathers-in-law,  brothers and dear friends this Fa=
ther's  Day with an impressive gift of Omaha  Steaks << File: http://216.24=
2.237.6:8765/nmail/click?id=3DDEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIIE >> !     [IMAGE]       =09=
=09
  =09=09
  =09=09
  =09=09
  =09=09
Note: This is not a spam email.  This email was sent to you because you hav=
e been verified and  agreed to opt in to receive promotional material. If y=
ou wish to unsubscribe please CLICK HERE. << File: http://216.242.237.6:876=
5/nmail/click?id=3DDEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIIF >>   If you received this email by er=
ror, please reply to: unsubscribe@cookingsweeps.com << File: http://216.242=
.237.6:8765/nmail/click?id=3DDEEFPBCJFCJBPBBIIG >>  =09  =09

Please do not reply to this e-mail.

You are receiving this message because you have an unresolved invoice in your iBuyit Payables in-box
that is past due.  Please login to iBuyit Payables and resolve this invoice as soon as possible.

To launch iBuyit Payables, click on the link below:
http://iBuyitPayables.enron.com
Note:  Your iBuyit Payables User ID and Password are your eHRonline/SAP Personnel ID and Password.

First time iBuyit Payables user?  For training materials, click on the link below:
http://sap.enron.com/sap_doclib/user/file_list.asp?cabinet_id=265

Need help?
Please contact the ISC Call Center at (713) 345-4727.

Jeff, 

The release that Jacques prepared provides for the payback of any utilities that I have been paying since 4/20.  You might mention to them that we need to get the utilities settled up before we pay the $11,000.  It might be a good idea to go ahead and have the utilities transferred so we can get the final amount since 4/20.

Also May 20th was supposed to be the 1st payment on the two notes.  But I have not received payment on either.

Let's try and wrap this up this week.

Phillip

The kuo's are having their attorney look at the agreement.  They need to
transfer their onwership into a LLP with your consent before they can sign
the agreement.  Pauline is contacting the bank for their consent also.  You
may need to sign a consent form to transfer the LLP.  I will keep you
posted.

Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
2714 Bee Cave Road, Suite 100-D
Austin, Texas  78746
512-732-0009
512-732-0010 fax
512-751-9728 mobile

Is AMF willing to put up the additional earnest money and acknowledge June 29th as the day they were supposed to close  or do they believe they are honoring the contract by closing on July 18th?  Of course, I would prefer to close as soon as possible.  

I received the fax from the stagecoach.  I am willing to pay any small expenses like the phone bill incurred prior to April 20th.  What is the status of the release and the utility transfer?

Phillip

The buyer wants to close on July 18 or 19th. According to the contract they
must close one month after all requirements have been met or put up an
additional $25,000 in NON-REFUNDABLE earnest money.  The zoning was approved
on May 29.

However, the official zoning designation has not been done yet and may not
be approved until around the 1st of Aug.  Give me a call when you get back.

Jeff Smith
The Smith Company
2714 Bee Cave Road, Suite 100-D
Austin, Texas  78746
512-732-0009
512-732-0010 fax
512-751-9728 mobile

Do you want to send someone to this?
Phillip --

Any interest in sending someone from your fundamentals desk to cover this meeting?  May be a good opportunity to hear from the leading "experts" on the subject.  May want to present a basic outline of our fundamental analysis.

Please let me know.

Jim

 
Jeffrey Keeler
06/04/2001 03:35 PM
Jim:  see note below from Pew Center on Climate Change.   Do you have any suggestions as to someone in Enron who could speak (someone from gas trading who does modeling, fundimentals?)

Thanks

Jeffrey Keeler
Director, Environmental Strategies
Enron
Washington DC office - (202) 466-9157
Cell Phone (203) 464-1541
Jeff - The Pew Center is sponsoring a  2-day workshop in conjunction with an annual summer program held by  the Energy Modeling Forum in Snowmass, CO.  We are hoping to  supplement EMF's list of economists and economic modelers who are  largely academics or with government labs or offices with folks from companies  who can help shed some light on how companies anticipate markets  will react to climate policies and the possible changes to prices and  availability of cleaner fuels such as natural gas.  A description of the  2-day program follows, and we can provide more information on the EMF meeting as  well if that's helpful.  I would be grateful if you can help identify  someone at Enron -- or otherwise -- who you feel could both contribute  to and benefit from the discussions with top economists and modelers.    If you need more information, please feel  free to call me or Leianne Clements (our economist) at the Pew Center number  listed below.  
 
Thanks for considering,
Vicki Arroyo Cochran
Director of Policy Analysis

   

The Economics of Natural Gas in the Climate Change  Debate (August 9-10, 2001)

Determining future demands and supply of natural gas (NG)  are important in determining climate policies since burning NG is relatively  "cleaner" than burning coal and oil.   A climate policy based on reducing the carbon content in fuels would  favor NG, along with other less-carbon intensive energy sources, thus  accelerating its demand.    However, economic models looking at the climate change issue show mixed  results on this issue; many models show the demand for NG increasing relative to  more "dirty" fuels while others show its demand decreasing at a rate faster than  oil (explained by NG demand being more responsive to a tax).  

The Pew Center has found that NG information is often  extrapolated from that of oil.   Without clear information on the true path of the NG sector,  policy-makers will be misinformed on how to address the climate change  problem.  The Pew Center will host a  conference in conjunction with the Energy Modeling Forum of Stanford University,  to gather leading experts on both the modeling and practical side of determining  natural gas issues.  A report will  be published summarizing the topics discussed in the  conference.

Pew Center on Global Climate Change  
2101 Wilson Blvd. 
Suite 550 
Arlington, VA 22201 
Tel: (703) 516-4146 
Fax: (703) 841-1422 
www.pewclimate.org   

 - Chess.gif 

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

Tim,

I know you looked into this before but we are still having issues with Mike Grigsby's access to the west power site.  He can view some parts of the website but cannot view the heatrate information under the testing tab.  Does he have some sort of reduced access?  Our IT (Collin)  looked at Mike's access but claimed that it must be on the Portland end.  Sorry to bother you with this again, but can you help?

Phillip

Stephanie,

I need to be able to trade US Gas Spreads.  Specifically the new west region products spreading malin and pg&e vs. socal.  Please make this change and call me back this morning.

Thank you,

Phillip

Please be advised that there will be a meeting of the Options Advisory
Committee on Thursday, May 31, 2001 in Room 1012 on the 10th floor in the
NYMEX building.  Video conference facilities will also be set up at the
NYMEX office in Houston for those who wish to participate there.  The agenda
is attached.

 <<OPTIONS ADVISORY COMMITTEE May 31, 2001.doc>>

 - OPTIONS ADVISORY COMMITTEE May 31, 2001.doc

Catherine:
Sorry it's been so long since I could respond.  With the craziness here I am 
way behind on everything.
#1. 3 years
#2.  volume way down on exchange recently with recent volatility.  volume 
probably averaging 25000 these days.  EOL volume averaging around 14000.   
Very high percent of market.   Current market conditions shows why our 
transactional model of being one side of every trade is superior.  
#3.  good liquidity first 3 years.  okay liquidity years 4-6.
#4.  calendar 2004-2008 maybe 1 trade a day.  70% chance Enron is one side.  
calendar 2009-2013  very rare that it trades.

Catherine Pernot@ENRON

12/01/2000 02:31 PM

Per my voicemail, I've included a list of the Investors' questions and 
preliminary answers.  The answers are attempts by our group, Bob Crane and 
Bryon Hoskins but need confirmation by you.  Would you mind giving us some 
feedback for #4 as well?  I could not find these numbers.  These are again 
going to be forwarded to Bain Capital, the potential equity investor in the 
pulp, paper and steel net works fund.  They are in their final stages of due 
diligence and are comparing pulp and paper facts with gas.  (They are under a 
confidentiality agreement).  
Please call with any questions
Thank you, 
Catherine Rentz Pernot
 X57654

1. # of years of NYMEX visibility on the typical gas curve.

3 years

2. # of daily trades on NYMEX, in total and for Enron specifically.

102,492 daily trades on NYMEX (11/28/00)and ours amounts to 8,061 per day 
(usually around 10% daily NYMEX trades)

3. length and nature of "price discovery" windows past the NYMEX portion of
the gas curve (e.g., 7 years of visibility provided by proprietary market
making past NYMEX, then 10 years of macro / industry average assumptions).

NYMEX price discovery equates to about 3 years. Liquidity of the market and 
proprietary market information equates to about 2 years after that with the 
remaining portion coming from more macro industry information.

4. trade volume data (# of daily trades as well) for each 5 year increment of
the gas curve beyond the NYMEX portion, in total and for Enron specifically. 

??

It's funny the spreads in gas.  First, in gas, you can play the seasonality 
game.  Does anybody want to buy M/N at 1 back.  No, of course not.  But in 
crude, m/n at .10 back is normal.  definitely a game as you try to keep month 
on month spreads somewhat within reason while preserving year on year spreads 
and creating equilibrium for where cal 2 on back hedging and spec demand is.  
that's why cal 2 is as high as it is.  
when was the last time the most bullish part of the nat gas curve was prompt 
month.  i can't remember w/o looking at charts.  it's always the mentality 
of: if it's tight now what about July or what about winter.  i think that's 
why the winter spreads are a piece.  the z/f/g fly is interesting.  i think 
z/f can and will settle backw.  just a high prob it goes cantango first.
Still seeing sellside interest in term.  definitely a result of pira.  will 
probably get absorbed in the next two weeks as everybody forgets about them 
and watches the front of the curve.  previous to that conference, the 
producers just didnt want to sell anything.  tired of writing us a big check 
every month.
so not only am i in on weekends, but they just put a computer in my house so 
i can work at home at night.  it's really my only time to sit and think 
without the phones and eol going crazy.  they better pay me for the decline 
in my lifestyle .

slafontaine@globalp.com on 10/15/2000 09:26:31 PM
what is a young pup like you doing working on saturday? yea ill check again 
the
numbers but pretty sure they said  +3 bcf by dec. ill let you  know/its been
along week/weekend of partying in ny so my memory mite be failing me. i know
this isnt same as crude-less mature but getting there so im always wondering
if/when the mentality will start to go more that way-ie inverses shud be for
only 1 reason-that supply/demand balance will get less tite than it is today.
    some length has gotten out of winter sprds but i know from a few i talk 
too
they still in-im out even slitely short not much cuz i think growing
deliverabilty if it occurs is bearish the sprds-and 30 cts inverses will be 
hard
to maintain unless we have crazy weather. we're only 2 weeks from withdrawel
period so unitl i see cash backwardate im not gonna be bullish these sprds 
until
all the length bails.
    your rite on the mkt-the anticipation is in the mkt-you gotta have flat px
to make money,my approach in the short term as well. that said everyone at 
pira
including pira all bull bull the winter-will be good i think for a
win/sum01/win02 inverse play even tho its not cheap.
   fyi-pira also bearish crude-not saying they rite but will have impact on
natgas producers sentiment short term-esp as mideast starts to fiad. for you 
be
careful of the politics effecting heating oil, natgas watching too. there will
be some action in my opinion next 4 weeks by govt that cud impact ho futs
negatively and therefore may roll to natgas-ie if ho goes a big discount to
natgas before any major cold-gas will get hit i think. if i hear anything on 
oil
side ill be happy to pass it on-apprec comment on producers not that im
surpirsed, wonder if they start going out further esp with forward sparks
getting hit lately??
   good luck man-talk soon. pira was good. you go next year ill set up you 
some
interesting people,good to network cuz we never know where we'll end up.
    by the way-you bullish sum 02/win 02 or are you rolling a short? non of my
biz but i was on the other side-ill add if it narrows more. inkjections next
summer will be huge albeit from low stx-curve will mean revert eventually.

Please call her and schedule
We need you -- for the Management Conference video

We are working with the Office of the Chairman in preparing a video that 
celebrates how Enron has reinvented itself many times over in the last 15 
years, which is the theme of this year's Enron Management Conference.  We 
will be videotaping members of the Enron Executive Committee this week who 
will be sharing and swapping stories with each other about Enron's past.  
Then we will fast forward to today -- that's where you come in.  We want each 
of you to talk about what you and your group are doing right now that 
represent how Enron continues to change and reinvent itself.

We will be videotaping October 24 and 25 in EB-50M05.   Please call or e-mail 
Marge Nadasky on Ext. 36631 as soon as possible to schedule a time that works 
best for you on either of these days.  We expect the taping will only take 20 
minutes or so.

Again, your comments will help make this video fun and informative.  Thanks 
for your participation.

We both thank you

   
	
	

Dutch ( as you know ) is great.
I am very happy for him and you
JF

So, what is it?   And by the way, don't start with the excuses.   You're 
expected to be a full, gourmet cook.

Kisses, not music, makes cooking a more enjoyable experience.  

I told you I have a long email address.

I've decided what to prepare for dinner tomorrow.  I hope you aren't
expecting anything extravagant because my culinary skills haven't been
put to use in a while.  My only request is that your stereo works.  Music
makes cooking a more enjoyable experience.

Watch the debate if you are home tonight.  I want a report tomorrow...
Jen

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

sure, stop by and we'll arrange a place to meet.  If you come by  during 
trading hours though, I can only say hi for a couple seconds.

That sounds fine. Would you like to meet at your office and go from there?
By the way, I will be in your office earlier in the afternoon for a meeting.
Perhaps I can stop over to say hello.  ----- Original Message -----
how about 6:00 for drinks

Hey John:

When you have a chance, let me know what time works for us to  get together
Thursday. Thanks,

Mark Sagel
Psytech Analytics

how about 6:00 for drinks

Hey John:
?
When you have a chance, let me know what time works for us to  get together 
Thursday.? Thanks,
?
Mark Sagel
Psytech Analytics

I've got a "strategy" mtg from 3:00 - 5:00.  It's very important.  I've got 
to strategize about things.  Not sure about exactly what.  Just things.

Other than the fact that we desparately need your unbelieveably 
marketing-savvy person up here - no. What's going on in the trading world?  
Maybe I'll have to mosey on down there later today.  Is it busy?  

anything new in the world of marketing?

yea, how about 3:30?

Sarah Wesner@ENRON
10/16/2000 10:21 AM
Are you around today?  I need to talk to you about some things.  Sarah

how about 4:00?

Ina Rangel
10/16/2000 11:03 AM
John,
When would be a good time for you.  After work maybe?

Ina
Ina,

Could you please have John email you the directions to his house and when 
would be a good time to come by and install the equipment? Thanks.

Don

a couple more thoughts.  certainly losing lots of indutrial demand both to 
switching and slowdown in economy.  Big 3 automakers all temporarily closing 
plants for instance.  switching is significant and has led to cash in the 
gulf expiring weak everyday.  gas daily spread to prompt trading at 
$1....need some very cold weather to justify that.  this seems to be the test 
of the next 3-5 days.   Will the switching/loss of demand/storage management 
keep cash futures spread at reasonable levels or will it blow to $5+. Not too 
many years ago we had a $50 print on the Hub.  unless we get some crazy 
prints, you have to question the steep backwardation in the market.  

funny watching the flies in the front.  Bot large chunk of g/h/j at $.50 
friday morning.  probably worth 1.30 now.  crazy.  people have seen each 
front spread be weak since forever and are already starting to eye up g/h.  

what's the thoughts on distillates...  is it tight enough such that gas 
switching is the marginal mmbtu of demand and pulls it up or is the market 
too oversupplied to care?

I can't get into this....any ideas?
Christa Winfrey
10/06/2000 06:00 PM
As of midnight, Saturday, October 7th, the Executive Reports Viewer will no 
longer be accessible at its current location, due to IT modifications.  The 
system has been redesigned to allow access via Internet Explorer (you cannot 
use Netscape).  The new location is http://ersys.corp.enron.com. 
This change will ONLY affect the viewing of the reports; it will NOT impact 
the publishing of the reports.

A shortcut icon can be created by dragging the Internet Explorer Logo 
(located in the address field next to the URL) to the desktop.

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call Kristin Walsh at 
3-9510 or myself at 3-9307.

Thank you for your understanding,
Christa Winfrey

Savita:
A couple of issues:

1.  I'm having trouble setting a syncopated basis child of a syncopated basis 
child (grandchild).  Is this not currently allowed by the system?

2.   I have a lot of counterparties whom click on hub gas daily when they 
meant to trade nymex.  Although I would like the nymex filter to bring gas 
dailies, is there anyway to separate them a little more clearly.  Eventually 
I would like to run all my products in parallel with gas daily, but I'm 
restricted right now by issue #1.

Please advise,
John

Oh yea, I always get those two places confused.

I thought we agreed to Denny's tonight after Rick's?!

pira's certainly got the whole market wound up.  I've seen a wave of producer 
selling for the first time in two months over the past two days.  Most 
selling Cal 1 off the back of Pira.  Pira certainly commands a lot of respect 
these days.  Too much, probably.
The problem with all these bull spreads (ie F-H) is the thought process in 
natty is that if Jan is strong, just think what happens when you get to March 
and run out of gas.  The spread game is very different than playing crude.  
These spreads haven't moved for the past 1000 point runup.  You know there 
were guys bullish this market trying to play it with spreads and haven't made 
a penny.  
Just to clarify, Pira said 3 bcf y on y for Z1?  That seems hard to believe.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 10/13/2000 09:42:43 AM
cmon give me some credit-you think ive been doing this this long w/out know
who's doing what! im i ny for the pira conference-thyre pretty bearish cal 01
and 02-will be interesting to see if/when the producers start to take that to
heart. here's one for you to think about... of pira's rite-ie production gonna
be up 1-1.5 bcf by year end. does increased deliverabilty mean these winter
sprds in producing areas-ie jan-apr and the fact the mkts gonna be more
concerened about running out in march than in jan suggest big invererese will
not be sustainable but will happen only on a weather event??? be curoius your
thots-i maybe thinking too much but makes some sense to me-have a good weekend
johnny.
pira says decm 01 prod up 3 bcf y on y!

of course...

just kidding.  Aldo's next week. you're done.  Open up your checkbook baby.

am i being ignored?

Jerk

   
	
	

 Give me a C
    Give me an N
 Give me an R
 Give me an S

What do you have?  A Quarter!

Lady, c'mon...you're just one of the guys!  Wanna go to Treasures tonight?

Hey Buster John,

Despite the X's you received last night for your ill behavior, I wanted to 
thank you for dinner because I had a great time.  Although, I do take 
personal offense to being flipped off at least 5 times in the course of 
dinner. Watch your manners when your with a lady!

I hope you have a great Friday and today is one of your top 5 too!

MSA

Please call me at 713 557 3330

Premonition?

  =20
=09
=09

this could be you

British Trader Sentenced to Prison=20

                  By Jill Lawless
                  Associated Press Writer
                  Tuesday, Oct. 3, 2000; 2:07 p.m. EDT

                  LONDON =01)=01) A futures trader who bet the wrong way on=
 U.S.
                  unemployment figures, and destroyed a company in 92=20
minutes, was
                  sentenced Tuesday to more than three years in jail.=20

                  "The position got worse and he was just numb," a defense=
=20
attorney said,
                  comparing the debacle to a bad night at a roulette wheel.=
=20

                  Stephen Humphries, 25, formerly a trader at Sussex Future=
s=20
Ltd., sank
                  the company with losses of $1.1 million.=20

                  "During that afternoon of Friday, Aug. 6, 1999, during a=
=20
period of one
                  hour, 32 minutes, the company's hard-earned reputation an=
d=20
value was
                  destroyed at a stroke ... by the fraudulent trading=20
activity of one man,
                  Stephen Humphries," said prosecution lawyer Martin Hicks.=
=20

                  Humphries pleaded guilty to one count of fraudulent=20
trading. Judge Denis
                  Levy sentenced him to three years and nine months in=20
prison.=20

                  Southwark Crown Court heard testimony that Humphries ran =
up=20
the
                  losses by trading futures contracts in government bonds,=
=20
and repeatedly
                  lied to superiors about his trades.=20

                  When worried colleagues left to summon the firm's senior=
=20
broker,
                  Humphries fled the building.=20

                  After the huge one-day loss, the company's creditor banks=
=20
balked and a
                  financial regulator was called in. Sussex Futures =01) wh=
ich=20
employed 70
                  brokers =01) ceased trading three months later with losse=
s of=20
$3.4 million.=20

                  The court was told that Humphries' trading losses began o=
n=20
the morning of
                  Aug. 6, wiping out two-thirds of his $25,000 trading=20
deposit by lunchtime.

                  The situation worsened at 1:30 p.m., when U.S. economic=
=20
figures were
                  released showing no increase in the unemployment rate. Th=
e=20
data made
                  U.S. interest rates more likely to rise and reduced the=
=20
value of
                  fixed-interest investments such as British government=20
bonds.=20

                  Nonetheless, Humphries continued to buy, in quantities th=
at=20
exceeded his
                  trading ceiling. Questioned by co-workers about the large=
=20
trades going
                  through his account, Humphries said he was in the process=
=20
of selling out.=20

                  By the time he fled, he held more than 100 times his=20
trading limit in futures.

                  "In the course of an afternoon ... you ruined not only yo=
ur=20
own career, but
                  the career of many others and you caused a prosperous=20
company, Sussex
                  Futures Limited, to go into liquidation, causing loss to=
=20
the company which
                  trusted you and employed you," said the judge.=20

                  Defense lawyer Simon Ward said Humphries had been under=
=20
intense
                  financial pressure and was "deeply sorry."=20

                  He had lost a previous job when a trading company he work=
ed=20
for went
                  under =01) also at the hands of a rogue trader.=20

                  He had taken out large bank loans, amassed a substantial=
=20
credit-card debt
                  and had borrowed from his father's life savings. He and h=
is=20
partner, with
                  whom he had two children, had a third baby die, a blow th=
at=20
affected
                  Humphries' judgment, Ward said.=20

                  "This is a tragic and very upsetting case," said Ward. "H=
e=20
was 24, under
                  intense financial and personal pressure and, in effect,=
=20
lost his head at the
                  roulette table."=20

                               , Copyright 2000 The Associated Press=20

                                        Back to the top=20

I am not who you think I am.  I have never been in IDRC nor am I in the 
profession.
Thx,
John

Jeannine Peaker <jeannine.peaker@idrc.org> on 09/12/2000 02:09:32 PM
We are still showing you as an Active member of IDRC. Do you wish to resign
from the membership?

Remove me from your mailing list please.

Frank:
Susan Scott, Larry's risk manager, will compile and send you a spreadsheet of 
total p&l minus new deal p&l since June 1.   Can you review this data and 
compare it to the respective VAR numbers for these dates.  I think you will 
see the VAR numbers way overestimate his p&l volatility.
John

   

John,
I apologize for the delay in responding, I was in class today.
We are having difficulty backtesting Larry May's VaR.   It looks as if during 
the month of June, the book administor  loaded the spreadsheets into ERMS but 
assigned multiple master deal ID's.  (the code is "NG-OPT-XL-PRC")
For example Larry May is showing the following during the month of June: 
June 1st  $797 million dollars loss
June 2nd +192 million dollars made
June 5th $300 million dollars made... (etc..)

This problem makes it impossible to backtest....

Second, regarding a different approach, the immediate solution was the 
allocation of an additional $5 million dollars of VaR, thereby temporarily 
increasing your limit to $45 million.  This limit increase is in effect until 
July 26th.  The game plan is that during this time period, a better solution 
can be devised..... 

I hope this helps.
Thanks,
Frank

 

John Arnold@ECT
07/14/2000 02:33 PM
Frank:
Just following up on two topics.
One: Larry May's book continues to run at a VAR of 2,500,00 despite the fact 
his P&L is never close to that.  Can you check that his exotics book 
positions are being picked up in his VAR calcs.

Second:  Have you looked into applying a band-aid to the understating longer 
term Vol problem until we change formulas?

John

Gary:
Just checking to see if the Trader's Roundtable includes us gas boys.  I 
would certainly be interested in attending.
John

Yea, problem is I left at noon to catch my flight, but Marc had a later 
flight because NY is closer to Columbus than here. Right after I left, the 
market got very busy and Marc decided to stay at work and not go.  So that 
sucked.

Jennifer Burns

10/12/2000 04:09 PM

I think I would be a little disappointed after traveling so far.......I guess 
it was nice to see your "buddies".

John Arnold
10/12/2000 04:06 PM
Sounds as if you went to a better show than I did.  The game was very 
sloppy.  They tied 0-0.  Not too exciting.

Jennifer Burns

10/12/2000 03:43 PM

Well......IT WAS GREAT!!!!!! Live was actually better than Counting Crows 
(Shocking).  How was the Soccer Game?  I owe you dinner.  Thanks again for 
the tickets.

John Arnold
10/12/2000 03:38 PM
how was the concert?

sure

John,

Thank you for your flexibility regarding the asian option we purchased from 
you (average Feb-Aug GD HH settle).  Unfortunately, our customer would like 
to settle on 7 days, using the preceding day for any day for which Gas Daily 
is not published (i.e., Friday prices would be used for Saturday and Sunday) 
- so I know it's not your preference, but I need to take advantage of your 
offer.

Regards,
Gary
x31511

John Arnold
10/08/2000 02:05 PM
I can do it either way but would much rather just make it the simple average 
of prices, 5 per week.

   
	
	

John(s),

How will the Asian options we purchased from the gas desk settle with respect 
to weekends... will the average of every day's gas daily settle mean the 
average of only the days on which Gas Daily is published?  or will it triple 
count each Friday's or Monday's price to account for the weekend (with a 
similar calculation on weekends).  I assume it is the former, not the 
latter.  Is this correct?  Are you indifferent if we want to switch to the 
latter?  Intuitively, it would seem to me that at this point, it wouldn't 
matter (because Friday or Monday prices are just as likely to be above the 
average as below the average), but you're wearing the risk, not us - so let 
me know.

Frankly, we don't have a preference as a desk, except that we need the 
settlement to be consistent with the deal we are entering into with SMUD.  
SMUD has questioned our calculation and I need to know how much I need to 
argue for one or the other.

Regards,
Gary
x31511

amazing how with cash futures at $1 and the back such a piece that f/g under 
such pressure.  month 2 has been the strongest part of the board all year.   
will be interesting to see what happens when h/j is prompt.  could j actually 
be strong?  seems like of the spreads on the board the best risk reward is in 
f/g.  a little worried about having the z/f effect again.  that is, all spec 
length trying to roll and funds trying to roll  at the same time leading to 
some ridiculous level at expiry.  any thoughts?

slafontaine@globalp.com on 12/08/2000 12:05:54 PM
i suck-hope youve made more money in natgas last 3 weeks than i have. mkt shud
be getting bearish feb forward-cuz we already have the weather upon us-fuel
switching and the rest shud invert the whole curve not just dec cash to jan 
and
feb forward???? have a good weekend john

Sounds as if you went to a better show than I did.  The game was very 
sloppy.  They tied 0-0.  Not too exciting.

Jennifer Burns

10/12/2000 03:43 PM

Well......IT WAS GREAT!!!!!! Live was actually better than Counting Crows 
(Shocking).  How was the Soccer Game?  I owe you dinner.  Thanks again for 
the tickets.

John Arnold
10/12/2000 03:38 PM
how was the concert?

how was the concert?

Thx,
I do not have high speed service yet.

Ina Rangel
10/12/2000 10:28 AM
John,

I just wanted to update you on some of the things that you wanted me to do:

1. I have ordered your computer and accessories for home use.  Once it comes 
in Jay Webb and Don Adams of IT and EOL will make sure that everything you 
need will be programmed on your computer.

2. I I have ordered your t.v for the office

3. I am working with telerate department on how you will be able to access it 
from your home.

4. Polycom is installed in your office

5. I am still investigating different cellular phone companies

I will get back to when everything is completed.
 
And one question, do you all ready have DSL or any king of internet service 
at home?  

Ina

sounds good

David Forster@ENRON
10/12/2000 01:32 PM
I would like to put the following text into a popup box which will appear 
once to all users of EnronOnline. If you have any comments, please pass them 
back to me by this afternoon.

Thanks,

Dave

Special Bulletin:  Nymex Trading every Sunday on EnronOnline

Starting Sunday, October 15 and continuing every Sunday until further 
notice,  Nymex US Gas Swaps will be available for trading from 4:00 p.m. to 
7:00 p.m. Central Time. 

82

michael.byrne@americas.bnpparibas.com on 10/11/2000 08:17:21 AM
Good Morning,

Just a reminder to get your AGA estimates in by Noon EST (11:00 CST) TODAY.

Last Year      +49
Last Week      +78

Thanks,
Michael Byrne
BNP PARIBAS Commodity Futures

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
 
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.

I will not be able to attend

   

REMINDER - Please see below.

Please plan to attend the below  Meeting:

                                Topic:  Var, Reporting and Resources Meeting
        
  Date:  Wednesday, October 11th

  Time:  2:30 - 3:30 

  Location: EB30C1

  

 If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel free to call me.

Thanks,
Rain
x.31560

Hey:
I hope you know we were just kidding with you yesterday.  We don't get many 
strangers on the floor so we have to harass them when we do.  

I think I am a couple of the "we are not" attributes in your book.  Is that 
going to cause me any problems going forward? 
John

I've got your tix.  Just two though.  I left them in my car.  Can you walk 
down with me around 11:45-12:00?

No 0-jun 1  indicative offer is 4.85

Sheetal Patel
10/10/2000 01:03 PM
John & Mike,

Could you please fill out the attach spreadsheet COB today?  There is one 
swap term and one collar term.

It looks like we are getting close to a finance deal and are working with 
John Thompson in the finance group.  The outline quotes would be a buy out of 
existing deals on Enron's books.

Thanks,

Sheetal
x36740

how's 3:00?

Oh, I have a meeting with four people at 3:30.  Can I come before or after 
that?  If no other time works, I can probably change it.  Just let me know, 
MSA

cant handle the pressure of big money??

John J Lavorato@ENRON
12/10/2000 09:58 AM
minn +3 1/2
jack -16 1/2
tenn-cinnci under35
gb-det under 39 1/2
tb +2 1/2
new england +2 1/2
pitt +3 1/2
phil-clev under 33 1/2
seattle +10
jets +9 1/2 and over 40 1/2 tease

as discussed.

Absolutely.  Come by around 3:30??

Hi, 

I was hoping that you could give me a few minutes after trading hours to help 
me substantiate the EOL commercial.  ABC is threatening not to run it if I 
don't prove that "Enron has created the First Internet Global Commodities 
Market."  I can easily prove we are the largest, but I'm having a hard time 
with first.  I know we were, but I have to have it in writing.

Give me a call or email me and let me know when you have a second or two. 
Thanks, Margaret 

how about 4:45?

   
	
	

JA;
Got any time say around 4 pm today .. I need 5 minutes to discuss some 
potential poaching on my part
Thansk
JF

John:
Please call Lavorato's secretary, Kim, and schedule a time to talk with John 
ASAP.
Thanks,
John

Yea, I'm picking up 2 tix today....hopefully.
John

Jennifer Burns

10/09/2000 10:38 AM

J. Arnold-

Hey - It's me!  Any luck with the tickets?????  Just curious if there any way 
I can get four tickets instead of two?  I know I'm asking alot but I really 
appreciate it.  You know how much I love the Counting Crows and last time 
they were in town someone was going to take me but the plans fell 
through..........Thanks!!!!!!!

Jennifer 

I was long 4000 X @ 4902, then I switched it from X to F at the same price.  
I switched it at 5000, but it puts me into the F at a price basis of 4902.  
Sorry for the confusion. 

   

My book indicates you have 4000F (Jan 01) at $5.00.

He has 4000F (Jan01) in your book at 5000.  

   

Please confirm Arnold's position by sending me an e-mail.
John Arnold
10/04/2000 04:01 PM
Hey:
I just want to confirm the trades I have in your book.
Trade #1.  I sell 4000 X @ 4652

Trade #2. I buy 4000 X @ 4652
  I sell 4000 X @ 4902

Trade #3 I buy 4000 X @ 5000
  I sell 4000 F @ 5000

Net result: I have 4000 F in your book @ 4902.
Thanks, 
John

I can do it either way but would much rather just make it the simple average 
of prices, 5 per week.

   
	
	

John(s),

How will the Asian options we purchased from the gas desk settle with respect 
to weekends... will the average of every day's gas daily settle mean the 
average of only the days on which Gas Daily is published?  or will it triple 
count each Friday's or Monday's price to account for the weekend (with a 
similar calculation on weekends).  I assume it is the former, not the 
latter.  Is this correct?  Are you indifferent if we want to switch to the 
latter?  Intuitively, it would seem to me that at this point, it wouldn't 
matter (because Friday or Monday prices are just as likely to be above the 
average as below the average), but you're wearing the risk, not us - so let 
me know.

Frankly, we don't have a preference as a desk, except that we need the 
settlement to be consistent with the deal we are entering into with SMUD.  
SMUD has questioned our calculation and I need to know how much I need to 
argue for one or the other.

Regards,
Gary
x31511

Adam:
Good question.  The exchange, NYMEX, and I, Enron Online, offer a nearly 
identical product.  The fight is over which execution model is superior.  I 
would argue that technology will make open outcry exchanges extinct.  It's 
happened in Europe already.  The largest commodity exchange in Europe, the 
LIFFE, went with a parallel electronic system to open outcry.  Within weeks, 
the floor was deserted and virtually all trading occurred electronically.  I 
still trade on the exchange because we have credit issues with individuals 
and certain hedge funds that limit the trading we can do with them direct.  
The exchange still provides a credit intermediation function that is useful.  
It is certainly an issue that we are trying to address.   
John

Dear Mr. Arnold,

 It was nice to meet you yesterday at the
information session.  Thank you for the dinner last night.
I had a great time getting to know Enron and its people in
a more relaxed setting.

 During out conversation yesterday, I was confused
about a point you made. You stated that you spent most of
your time on the phone with Traders in New York.  When
you talk to the traders, do you try to steer them towards
Enron Online, or are you doing trading outside of Enron
Online?  I think the underlying question that I am asking,
is: Is Enron Online meant to facilitate a gas trader's job,
or is it meant to bypass traders completely.

Thanks again for your time and for dinner. I look forward
to talking with you again when you come to campus for
interviews.

Cordially,

Adam

yes

Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
10/05/2000 06:28 PM
4pm?

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

	John Arnold@ECT
	10/05/00 06:05 PM
		
Oops, I hadn't gotten to this one yet.  Can we do it any later?

Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
10/05/2000 04:52 PM
Let's plan on meeting between 3 and 3:30pm on Wednesday.  I'll call you on 
Wednesday.

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

	Fangming.Zhu@enron.com
	10/05/00 03:39 PM
		 
Let me know when will be good for both you and John on next Wednesday
afternoon. Right now only you and myself have been added into the NT group.
After the demo, if both of you think it is a great tool, then I am going to
add all traders into the NT group, so they can use it.

Fangming

                                                                              
                                                               
                    Brian_Hoskins                                             
                                                               
                                         cc:     
John_Arnold@ECT.enron.net                                                     
              
                    10/05/2000           Subject:     Re: 
Demo                                                                          
     
                    03:18 
PM                                                                            
                                     
                                                                              
                                                               
                                                                              
                                                               

Fangming,

I am out of town until tomorrow so will not be able to see the demo today.
Wednesday afternoon looks good for me if you'd like to do it then.  John,
does
this work for you?

Brian

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

|--------+----------------------->
|        |          Fangming.Zhu@|
|        |          enron.com    |
|        |                       |
|        |          10/05/00     |
|        |          09:17 AM     |
|        |                       |
|--------+----------------------->
  >
  |
|
Hi, Brian:
Let me know if you have time for the messageboard application demo today. I
am planning to take vacation on Friday and coming Monday. I will not be
available to show you the demo until next Wednesday if you can't see it
today.

Let me know your schedule.

Thanks,

Fangming

Dave:
We spend a tremendous amount of resources and money collecting information.  
Further, the flow we see gives us an advantage in the market.   We have 
little interest in distributing this info outside of the building.  I hope 
you understand.   Good luck to your brother.

David Pruner@AZURIX
10/06/2000 09:03 AM
I run the structuring group at Azurix, but I am emailing you in reference to 
my brother-in-law, Scott Adams, who is based in New York City.  Since 
graduating from Brown University he has traded options on the floor in New 
York as a local for the last 8 years.  He trades natural gas options and is 
looking to occassionally do an information exchange with someone where he can 
discuss the OTC market versus what he sees going on in the ring.  If this 
would be of interest or not let me know and I will hook you two up.  Thanks 
for your time.
Dave Pruner 713-646-8329

Oops, I hadn't gotten to this one yet.  Can we do it any later?

Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
10/05/2000 04:52 PM
Let's plan on meeting between 3 and 3:30pm on Wednesday.  I'll call you on 
Wednesday.

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

	Fangming.Zhu@enron.com
	10/05/00 03:39 PM
		 
Let me know when will be good for both you and John on next Wednesday
afternoon. Right now only you and myself have been added into the NT group.
After the demo, if both of you think it is a great tool, then I am going to
add all traders into the NT group, so they can use it.

Fangming

                                                                              
                                                               
                    Brian_Hoskins                                             
                                                               
                                         cc:     
John_Arnold@ECT.enron.net                                                     
              
                    10/05/2000           Subject:     Re: 
Demo                                                                          
     
                    03:18 
PM                                                                            
                                     
                                                                              
                                                               
                                                                              
                                                               

Fangming,

I am out of town until tomorrow so will not be able to see the demo today.
Wednesday afternoon looks good for me if you'd like to do it then.  John,
does
this work for you?

Brian

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

|--------+----------------------->
|        |          Fangming.Zhu@|
|        |          enron.com    |
|        |                       |
|        |          10/05/00     |
|        |          09:17 AM     |
|        |                       |
|--------+----------------------->
  >
  |
|
Hi, Brian:
Let me know if you have time for the messageboard application demo today. I
am planning to take vacation on Friday and coming Monday. I will not be
available to show you the demo until next Wednesday if you can't see it
today.

Let me know your schedule.

Thanks,

Fangming

why does everybody in this company know my p&l?????

Yea ... the later the better.

Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
10/05/2000 03:18 PM
Fangming,

I am out of town until tomorrow so will not be able to see the demo today.  
Wednesday afternoon looks good for me if you'd like to do it then.  John, 
does this work for you?

Brian

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

	Fangming.Zhu@enron.com
	10/05/00 09:17 AM
		 
Hi, Brian:
Let me know if you have time for the messageboard application demo today. I
am planning to take vacation on Friday and coming Monday. I will not be
available to show you the demo until next Wednesday if you can't see it
today.

Let me know your schedule.

Thanks,

Fangming

Sorry for not responding.   I don't look at my email constantly through the 
day.  Don't have much to do in Q/U still it widens back out.
Thanks,
John

slafontaine@globalp.com on 10/05/2000 01:05:27 PM
i think your selling the whole curve-if your interested im .005 bid for 300
aug/sep ngas. let me know if your interested. dont let silverman get you into
too much trouble tonite

Something to take a look at
	
	

Thank you for your interest in Ron Denhardt's comments on Natural Gas.

If you have any difficulty opening or using the file, please write to me or
give me a call.

Al Goyburu
Electric Power
WEFA Energy
610-490-2648

 <<NAPC--Oct 2000.ppt>>

 - NAPC--Oct 2000.ppt

Thanks

   
	
	

Thank you for your interest in Ron Denhardt's comments on Natural Gas.

If you have any difficulty opening or using the file, please write to me or
give me a call.

Al Goyburu
Electric Power
WEFA Energy
610-490-2648

 <<NAPC--Oct 2000.ppt>>

 - NAPC--Oct 2000.ppt

Can you handle this.  Please forward all names on the daily P&L sheet.  I get 
a copy every day if you need.
Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
10/04/2000 11:55 AM
Ina,

We're setting up a secure message board for all the traders on the floor.  
Can you please provide Fangming with our current list of gas traders?  

Thanks,
Brian

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

	Fangming Zhu@ENRON
	10/03/00 11:14 AM
		
Brian, 
Please provide the list of user's NT loginID and their full name  whoever 
will use this application. I am going to set up the security for them while I 
am buiding the application. 
Thanks,
Fangming 

	Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
	09/28/2000 02:31 PM
		
Fangming,

Looks good.  That's exactly what we're looking for.  John, please comment if 
there are any additional features you'd like to add.

Brian

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

	Fangming Zhu@ENRON
	09/28/00 02:23 PM
		 
Hi, Brian:

Please review attached requirement document and reply this message with any 
comments. Once you approve it, I am going to build the application. 

Thanks,

Fangming

Mark:
We are still on for drinks on the 19th.  You have called the market very well 
since you started sending me updates.  Unfortunately for both of us, a couple 
of good calls does not a soothsayer make.  Thus, keep sending me your updates 
so I can at least get a little broader judgment of your abilities.   In terms 
of my trading style, I take positions to make $.25-$1, not $.05.  Too much 
noise in this market to trade differently for me.  

John:

I hope you know I was just fishing for a reaction on the phone before.  I
assumed we would discuss a potential relationship when I'm in Houston on the
19th.  We're still on for drinks after work, right?  By then, you should
have a comfort level with the quality of my work.  I think the analysis I've
given you has been quite accurate as to market turns and price behavior.  It
would be helpful if I had some idea of how you trade/view the market.  Are
you mainly day-trading or do you hold positions for several days/weeks?
That way I can structure my comments in order to best serve your interests.
Let me know.  Thanks,
Mark:
Let's keep the present system for the short-term.  I would like to continue
looking at your work for another couple weeks.  We'll talk later,
John

John:

The price behavior of the past couple days has been  disappointing. My
short-term market patterns suggested a more robust price  rally and natural
appears to be waning at present. Volume on this rally is  poor,
particularly since yesterday was a decent day to the upside. The  market
appears to be using a lot of its energy but spinning its wheels. If  we
are at these same price levels in another two weeks, that would be
extremely  bullish. Right here, the risk/reward to being long is not so
great.   Recommend a neutral stance short-term on natural. Bigger picture
is still  very bullish. However, this market needs another 1-2 weeks of
what I would  call horizontal price action to set the stage for a big move
to the  upside.

Let me know if this stuff is useful for you. I certainly  don't want to
waste your time. In addition, if you prefer I call when I  have something
to pass along, let me know. I don't know how often you  check/see your
e-mail. Thanks,

Mark Sagel

Hey:
I just want to confirm the trades I have in your book.
Trade #1.  I sell 4000 X @ 4652

Trade #2. I buy 4000 X @ 4652
  I sell 4000 X @ 4902

Trade #3 I buy 4000 X @ 5000
  I sell 4000 F @ 5000

Net result: I have 4000 F in your book @ 4902.
Thanks, 
John

Received

z <zyft02@yahoo.com> on 10/04/2000 08:48:55 AM
Please respond to zyft02@yahoo.com
This is a test from Yahoo email. Please reply if
received.

Don Adam
Team Lead, Trader Support

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Photos - 35mm Quality Prints, Now Get 15 Free!
http://photos.yahoo.com/

Credit lines are like bandwidth.  Create the capacity and we'll find a way to 
use it.

Sarah Wesner@ENRON
10/03/2000 09:58 AM
John - Enron maxed out its facility with ABN on 9/18/00.  I am going for an 
increase to $50 million.  Do you see increasing your trade flow?  I do not 
want to ask for interest free money if Enron will not use it. 

Sarah

Mark:
Let's keep the present system for the short-term.  I would like to continue 
looking at your work for another couple weeks.  We'll talk later,
John

John:
?
The price behavior of the past couple days has been  disappointing.? My 
short-term market patterns suggested a more robust price  rally and natural 
appears to be waning at present.? Volume on this rally is  poor, particularly 
since yesterday was a decent day to the upside.? The  market appears to be 
using a lot of its energy but spinning its wheels.? If  we are at these same 
price levels in another two weeks, that would be extremely  bullish.? Right 
here, the risk/reward to being long is not so great.?  Recommend a neutral 
stance short-term on natural.? Bigger picture is still  very bullish.? 
However, this market needs another 1-2 weeks of what I would  call horizontal 
price action to set the stage for a big move to the  upside.
?
Let me know if this stuff is useful for you.? I certainly  don't want to 
waste your time.? In addition, if you prefer I call when I  have something to 
pass along, let me know.? I don't know how often you  check/see your e-mail.? 
Thanks,
?
Mark Sagel

	
	

	
	

Vikas - What's the market in nat gas versus lard and heating oil versus olive 
oil
"Joel K. Gamble" <Joel_K._Gamble@arrowindustries.com>@wwwww.aescon.com on 
12/07/2000 12:33:40 PM
Sent by: owner-natgas@wwwww.aescon.com
Some of our food processing factories in the Midwest which have fuel switching
capability find it profitable at these gas prices to burn rendered animal fat 
in
lieu of natural gas.  Apparently, the doesn't hurt the boiler machinery.  One 
of
the guys responsible for this move did a back of the envelope calculation and
found that at $8.00 / Dth NG prices it was even profitable to buy olive oil in
bulk as a heating fuel.  They haven't used veggie oil yet but are considering
it.  Anyone else hear any stories of end users switching to unusual fuels?

Regards

http://ecthou-webcl1.nt.ect.enron.com/research/Weather/WeatherMain.htm

John:
I have asked Mike and Larry to spend half an hour each talking to you about 
opportunities on the gas floor.  Please advise if the following schedule is 
unacceptable.  I will be leaving today at 2:15.
Larry 4:00-4:30
Mike 4:30-5:00

Thanks,
John

Russell:
I think I should give you a little background on small ventures.  Bill 
Perkins and I have a strong personal and professional relationship.  He is an 
extremely creative individual.  Whalley actually commented on him today as 
someone "who thinks outside the box".  Bill actually sat in a bar four years 
and said the next tradeable market would be bandwidth.  He has been 
successful in the gas business when he has had someone to filter his ideas.  
As such he provides an informal consulting role to Enron.  He throws out 
ideas and, every once in a while, he comes up with a great one.  He pointed 
out an anomalous pricing occurence in the options market, a market I normally 
don't follow closely, that I translated into a multimillion dollar trade for 
Enron.  In return, I have agreed to have Enron intermediate his trades within 
reason.  I want to emphasize that continuing this relationship should be 
considered a high priority.  I am willing to accept some of the credit risk 
exposure as a cost of doing business.  Bill understands his role as an 
independent in the market and performs the right risk/reward trades for 
someone with finite capital.  I place very high confidence in Bill not 
conducting high risk trades.  Having said that, we certainly need to monitor 
his credit exposure and continue to require LC's.  Just understand that he is 
at a different level of sophistication that any other non-investment grade 
counterparty.

I understand there was some concern in regards to the Transco Z6 spread 
option he traded.  He was absolutely right about the valuation and we, on the 
trading desk, knew it as well.  There are a couple isolated products that 
Enron does not do a good job of valuing because of systems limtations.  This 
was one product.  Our spread options are booked in Excel using option pricing 
models created by the research group.  The problem with these models is that 
they are strictly theoretical and don't take into account gas fundamental 
price limitations.  For instance, it is less probable, though not impossible, 
for a transport spread from a production area to a market area to go within 
variable cost than the models predict.  Thus it is necessary to apply a 
correlation skew curve on top of the overlying correlation used.  Obviously, 
we have this function in our pricing models.  I was not aware this 
methodology had not been transferred to the valuation models.  This has since 
been changed.  Fortunately these incidents tend to be extremely rare as very 
few non-investment grade companies trade these types of products.  

Finally, on Friday Bill wanted to do a trade that reduced his exposure to 
Enron.  I gave Mike Maggi the go ahead to do the trade without consulting 
credit.  I do not believe that I acted out of line in approving this trade 
considering the circumstances.  If you believe differently, please advise.
Thanks, 
John

Can you swap me with Fletch.  Try to make all of my interviews as late as 
possible.  
Thx
John

Below please find a copy of the resume and the itinerary for Nigel 
Patterson.  

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me or John Lavorato.

Thanks for you help.

Kim
x30681

12:30 - 1:00  Rogers Herndon  (EB3320)

1:00 - 1:30  Kevin Presto   (EB3320)

1:30 - 2:00  Dana Davis   (EB3320)

2:00 - 2:30  Dave Delainey  (EB3314)

2:30 - 3:00  John Arnold   (EB3320)

3:15 - 4:00  Greg Whalley   (EB2801)

4:00 - 4:30  Fletch Sturm   (EB3320)

Just an update: Today I set up a front month fixed price gas daily product 
priced at parity to NYMEX.  I thought the response was tremendous.  It really 
shows that we might have an angle to put out more of the curve and become the 
predominant benchmark for the industry rather than the exchange.  

One problem I had was linking 2 syncopated basis products.  I set up a new 
product for the prompt that was Nov GD/D Henry Hub that was a syncopated 
basis of 0/0 to the Nov Nymex.  However, since Dec Nymex is a syncopated 
basis to Nov Nymex, I could not set up a syncopated basis link around the Dec 
Nymex.  Any ideas?

Jeff:
Anything ever happen with Pedron?
John

Boys:
I'm sorry you were not able to attend last night.  I do appreciate your 
efforts to make this book as successful as it has been.  It's not quite the 
same as being in my company, but take your respective wives, or swap, I don't 
care, out this weekend on me.  Try to keep it under $300 per couple.  Keep up 
the good work,
John

What design are you talking about?  Do I have pink elephants on all my emails 
or something?

I'm very enthused that I have the skillset to be an advertising critic when I 
grow up.  It's something I've always wanted to do.

PS.  I'm a little sarcastic as well.

John, John, John....very impressive analysis!  The first two commercials were 
supposed to be idealistic spots announcing Enron as an innovative company, 
while the next four are proof points to our innovation by showing the 
businesses we have created. 

I know you were elated to get an email from me this morning, thus proving 
that I had not been kidnapped and all those important things I work on would 
continue to be completed.  Oh and that certainly is a pretty design you add 
to your emails.  Very masculine!  

Smile, Margaret

ps, i hope you can read my sarcasm over email -- if you knew me better, you 
would understand it completely since it is rare that i'm in a totally serious 
mood. hope you don't take offense!

	John Arnold@ECT
	09/27/2000 12:29 PM
		
I really liked the commercials about specifics (i.e.  weather, EOL, 
bandwidth).  The metal man was definitely at a different philosophical level 
than where my brain operates.  Still not quite sure what was going on there.  
Ode was a bit too idealistic.   The campaign in general was very different 
than previous.   But I guess you know that and that's the point.   Again, I 
think the commercials that showed why we are the most innovative were very 
impressive.  Just telling people we are innovative made less of an impact.  

Sorry I ruined your run.  At least you weren't molested by the River Oaks car 
thief.

So, what did you think?!  Don't lie or stretch the truth either -- you won't 
hurt my feelings, I promise.  

By the way, by the time I arrived home it was completely dark so I went for a 
three mile run this morning.  Not fun, but I'm definitely awake right now!  
BUT, it's all your fault I couldn't go last night....he!he!

Trade well, MSA

As far as lunch, it's a done deal.  I need names of people who should be 
allowed.  It is not for the whole floor, but rather for people who need to 
stay at their desk during the day.  Please advise,
John

   

Just wanted to say "thank-you" for dinner last night.  It's unfortunate Errol 
and Dutch didn't make it, they are the ones who do all the work for you.

Are you going to hook me up on the lunch police?

Thanks again,

Kori.

Looks good.  I'm a little confused as to how many users can be on.  The 
system needs to be able to handle 50+ users at one time, each being able to 
post messages any time.  

Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
09/28/2000 02:31 PM
Fangming,

Looks good.  That's exactly what we're looking for.  John, please comment if 
there are any additional features you'd like to add.

Brian

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

	Fangming Zhu@ENRON
	09/28/00 02:23 PM
		 
Hi, Brian:

Please review attached requirement document and reply this message with any 
comments. Once you approve it, I am going to build the application. 

Thanks,

Fangming

A funny story:
Because Access was up 75 cents last night, Nymex made a trading limit of 
unchanged to +150.  After 20 minutes of trading, we were at unchanged and the 
exchange stopped trading for an hour.  
Rappaport, the exchange president, was standing by to make sure everything 
was orderly.  Obviously, the locals weren't too happy about the exchange 
closing.  One yelled at Rappaport...
"Why don't you take your million dollar bonus and go buy Enron stock"

Thank you for sending this.  If only you sent it a couple hours earlier.   
Just kidding.  T Boone must have heard this because he sold everything 
today.   9000 contracts.
John

   
	
	

Hey JA:
I was at PIRA today and got a preview of their presenation on Oct 11-12 for  
their client seminars.
(Greg Shuttlesworth)
Summary:
They have turned a little bearish becuase
They believe that distillates will cap gas ( get some to graph HO, CL, NY 
No.6 1% and TZ6 Index  and NX3) the picture is very convincing
Supply is increasing at a faster pace (1Bcf/d more in Q4 and expect 
incremental 2 BCF/d next summer)
Canadian production is increasing
Deep water GOm is increasing
Lastly, Shallow water GOM is also improving after years of decline

Demand
modest in 01/02
more efficient gas turbine
economic moderation

Near term
Yes it looks a little ugly this winter
Possibility of shocks in the shoulder ( low storage and early summer heat in 
Apr-May 01)

Call me or write if you call for more details. I am also faxing you their 
fuel substitution slide---- it looks at up to 5 BCF/d being put back into the 
supply chain.

Thanks
JF

home.enron.com

this is home.enron.com.

Jim:
I apologize for the comment after your order.  I knew you didn't like the 
market last night so I was surprised when you were an buyer this morning.  
It's not your style to change views quickly as you tend to trade with a 
longer term view.   I was out of line with the comment and it won't happen 
again. 
John

Hi:
Can you get me subscriptions to the following magazines:
The Economist
Energy Risk Management
Havard Business Review
Thanks,
John

Hello:
I am John Arnold.  I believe you're looking for Jeff Arnold.

pfse@dynegy.com on 09/27/2000 05:30:27 PM
jeff,

thanks for the directions - i have already forwarded them home.

tonight is not good for me but perhaps one day we will finally connect now 
that
we are closer!

i've been thinking about sunday and hope you have a deck of cards to play with
(perhaps 2 decks of uno cards).

John, John, John....very impressive analysis!  The first two commercials were 
supposed to be idealistic spots announcing Enron as an innovative company, 
while the next four are proof points to our innovation by showing the 
businesses we have created. 

I know you were elated to get an email from me this morning, thus proving 
that I had not been kidnapped and all those important things I work on would 
continue to be completed.  Oh and that certainly is a pretty design you add 
to your emails.  Very masculine!  

Smile, Margaret

ps, i hope you can read my sarcasm over email -- if you knew me better, you 
would understand it completely since it is rare that i'm in a totally serious 
mood. hope you don't take offense!

	John Arnold@ECT
	09/27/2000 12:29 PM
		
I really liked the commercials about specifics (i.e.  weather, EOL, 
bandwidth).  The metal man was definitely at a different philosophical level 
than where my brain operates.  Still not quite sure what was going on there.  
Ode was a bit too idealistic.   The campaign in general was very different 
than previous.   But I guess you know that and that's the point.   Again, I 
think the commercials that showed why we are the most innovative were very 
impressive.  Just telling people we are innovative made less of an impact.  

Sorry I ruined your run.  At least you weren't molested by the River Oaks car 
thief.

So, what did you think?!  Don't lie or stretch the truth either -- you won't 
hurt my feelings, I promise.  

By the way, by the time I arrived home it was completely dark so I went for a 
three mile run this morning.  Not fun, but I'm definitely awake right now!  
BUT, it's all your fault I couldn't go last night....he!he!

Trade well, MSA

I really liked the commercials about specifics (i.e.  weather, EOL, 
bandwidth).  The metal man was definitely at a different philosophical level 
than where my brain operates.  Still not quite sure what was going on there.  
Ode was a bit too idealistic.   The campaign in general was very different 
than previous.   But I guess you know that and that's the point.   Again, I 
think the commercials that showed why we are the most innovative were very 
impressive.  Just telling people we are innovative made less of an impact.  

Sorry I ruined your run.  At least you weren't molested by the River Oaks car 
thief.

So, what did you think?!  Don't lie or stretch the truth either -- you won't 
hurt my feelings, I promise.  

By the way, by the time I arrived home it was completely dark so I went for a 
three mile run this morning.  Not fun, but I'm definitely awake right now!  
BUT, it's all your fault I couldn't go last night....he!he!

Trade well, MSA

Joe:
I just wanted to run this past you...
John
John:

I don't mind cleaning up their books at quarter end.  However,at year end I 
will want to keep the debt off of my books.  As we approach year-end this 
year could you please coordinate with Joe Deffner so that we take advantage 
of the margin lines we have available in order to minimize the debt on our 
books.

Thanks,

Ben

John Arnold
09/26/2000 07:12 PM
Ben:
Jeff Shankman gave me your name.  I have assumed Jeff's old responsibilities 
as head of the natural gas derivatives trading group.  Our broker, EDF MAN, 
supplies us with $50 million of margin financing every night.  They are 
trying to clean up their books for end of quarter and/or year on Sep 30.  
They have asked if we can post the $50 million overnight on the 30th.  We did 
this last year as well.   Please advise,
John

So, what did you think?!  Don't lie or stretch the truth either -- you won't 
hurt my feelings, I promise.  

By the way, by the time I arrived home it was completely dark so I went for a 
three mile run this morning.  Not fun, but I'm definitely awake right now!  
BUT, it's all your fault I couldn't go last night....he!he!

Trade well, MSA

I'm not sure what is happening on my position.  It may have to do with how 
you shaped the forward vol and price curves at each level.  My VAR is so 
dependent on spread levels and vols that a small change in the Jan vols could 
produce that effect.  
The results certainly provide evidence of a need for higher VAR going into 
the winter.
John

   

The below file shows the results of the two stress test requested.  Under the 
$7 dollar stress, NYMEX curve was shifted to $7 dollars with all other price 
curves proportionally shifted.  Under the $9 dollar test, not only were the 
price curves shifted, but volatilites were stressed as well with NYMEX 
volatility going to 100% and all other vol locations being raised accordingly.

Key findings include:
$7 dollar stress only raised VaR by 79%  
$9 dollar stress raised VaR by 134% 

       

It is interesting to note that with the seven dollar stress, VaR on the 
financial desk actually decreased.  This would seem to imply that up to the 
seven dollar strike, the financial desk is long gamma (which overall reduces 
risk).  But between the seven dollar and nine dollar strike, it appears that 
the desk becomes short gamma, thereby acceralatering the amount of risk and 
increasing VaR by 74%.  Does this make sense or is something else happening?

Frank

	
	

Attached below are the $7 and $9 stresses that were run at the request of 
Lavo ($7) and Arnold ($9).  I ran the results against the AGG-IV portfolio.

i think it is something we need to do.  please set it up

Caroline Abramo@ENRON
11/14/2000 11:06 AM
John- 

What do you think of getting a direct mic from New York to Houston as soon as 
possible?  We had one at my last employer from NY to London which worked 
great.  You can tun it on or off but it allows us to communicate without 
getting on the darn phone - I am sure its a total annoyance to pick us up.

The steno is still a phone to me and its not recorded. 

We could keep it between you and Mike. 

We are getting a few more funds to trade now- some program guys among them 
who will need quicker execution.  I know you and Per have discussed the idea 
of them calling you direct but I think, for now, the mic is a better answer.  
I can sit down with you when I am down there to discuss and give you an 
update of who we are planning to trade with.

Best Rgds,
Caroline

Hey freak:
So we finally had LA type weather here for the past two days.  Highs in the 
mid-70's.  Beautiful.  Life's just cruising along.  Nothing new.  I put a bid 
in for a condo in a new mid-rise building going up in West U that they 
accepted.  If all goes as expected I'll move in next X-Mas.  So are you 
adjusting to the big city.   Got yourself a big Hollywood actor boyfriend yet?
John 

It's getting harder and harder to root, root, root for the home team.  

Heather Robertson <hrobertson@hbk.com> on 09/25/2000 06:09:01 PM
I KNOW!!!  I was even in San Francisco ...!!  How humiliating...
Apparently, you were not cheering hard enough.

What'd you do to my Cowboys?

Heather Robertson <hrobertson@hbk.com> on 09/01/2000 09:02:04 AM

Just read it...great article!

Have fun in Costa Rica... I hear it is amazing.

The Fortune article is about grassroots change within a company.   It is
written about the lady who started EOL, but I'm in it a little.   Chief of
natural gas derivatives...I'm not really sure what that means.  I run the
Nymex book now but not the floor..just the derivatives desk of five people.

I'm actually going to Costa Rica tomorrow morn thru Monday.   Never been
but heard it's beautiful.  Next time you're in we'll go out.
J

Heather Robertson <hrobertson@hbk.com> on 08/31/2000 01:20:05 PM

What do you mean?  I'm serious!

So what Fortune article?  I only saw you in Time...  Pretty freaky to see
someone you know like that!  What the heck is a "chief" of natural gas
derivatives?!  Skilling's old job?

Check out the Amazon (AMZN) chat on Yahoo... I was joking that all of my
friends were in the press lately (i.e. YOU, as well as all my HBS buddies),
so the guys on the trading floor thought this would be funny.  The best
part
is that someone thought they were serious and started in on the
conversation!!  I do investor relations for a hedge fund in Dallas, so
that's why they are talking about my IR/selling skills... but it's not
exactly your typical corporate IR position considering our investor base.

I'm going to be in your neck of the woods tomorrow.  I'm visiting friends
in
Houston on Friday & Saturday, then going to my sister's house in Bay City
on
Sat. night.  No firm plans, just getting out of Dallas.  Are you going to
be
around?

I thought about you the night after I saw the article because I was in
Snuffers, drinking a strawberry daiquiri...    =)  do you remember why??
I
think about that every time I go there....

Take care and make money!

Glad to see you're having so much fun with this.  I've been here 5.5 years
with nothing and then in one week I'm in Fortune and Time.  Pretty funny.
Things are going well here .  The big E just chugging along, bringing the
stock price with it.  Wish I could tell you everything new in my life, but
I think I just did.
Your long lost buddy,
John

Heather Robertson <hrobertson@hbk.com> on 08/31/2000 10:10:09 AM

Is this "the 26-year-old chief of natural-gas derivatives"?  If so, you
should write me back after you complete your "nine hours and $1 billion in
trades" today!!   Does this mean I have to start calling you "Mr. John"?!
It was great to see you're doing so well....
Your long lost buddy,
Heather

Heather Lockhart Robertson
HBK Investments LP
Personal:
214.758.6161 Phone
214.758.1261 Fax
Investor Relations:
214.758.6108 Phone
214.758.1208 Fax

Thanks.  This is exactly what I wanted.
John

   

John, the matrix that was sent to you includes YTD P&L for all the traders in 
the matrix.  Trader P&L contribution to desk P&L, however, was not backed out 
on that particular matrix.  That matrix effectively shows one trader's 
correlation to all others.  What is does not show is one trader's P&L to the 
desk P&L.  I have included a spreadsheet with each trader's P&L backed out of 
AGG-GAS P&L to demonstrate their relationship.  Please call Frank or myself 
if you have questions.  Thanks.

   
	
	

questions and answers?
John Arnold@ECT
09/19/2000 05:33 PM
Thx for the spreadsheet.   2 questions : What time frame does this entail and 
does the correlation between the trader and AGG GAS include that trader's 
contribution to the floor's P&L.  In other words, is my P&L correlated with 
the floor or is it correlated to the rest of the floor absent me?

   

Ben:
Jeff Shankman gave me your name.  I have assumed Jeff's old responsibilities 
as head of the natural gas derivatives trading group.  Our broker, EDF MAN, 
supplies us with $50 million of margin financing every night.  They are 
trying to clean up their books for end of quarter and/or year on Sep 30.  
They have asked if we can post the $50 million overnight on the 30th.  We did 
this last year as well.   Please advise,
John

Mark:
You've called it right thus far.  

Let's plan to get a drink after work on the 19th.
Thanks,
John

John:
?
I wish I had a lot to pass along, but not much has changed on  my work.? All 
the analysis is still very bullish and expecting higher  levels.? I am 
receiving hourly "9" type strength patterns, which means the  up move must 
consistently continue from here.? Any drop under today's lows  is a negative 
for natural.? On my daily work, natural will see a new type  of strength 
pattern today.? It is not a "9" type topping pattern, but one  that normally 
comes out along the way as price moves higher.? This would  suggest a 
potential short-term high over the next 2-3 days, but nothing of major  
importance.
?
I have tentative plans to be in Houston on Thursday, October  19.? Are you 
interested in meeting so that I may show in much greater  detail what the 
work is doing and how it can enhance your activity?? Let me  know if that day 
works for you.? Thanks,
?
Mark Sagel
Psytech Analytics
(410)308-0245
msagel@home.com
?

I'm sorry but I have plans for Thursday already.  Maybe next time.
John

James_Naughton@em.fcnbd.com on 09/26/2000 01:45:42 PM
John,
I have tentative plans to be in Houston on Thursday.  If, as we
discussed yesterday, you have time to get out after work, I'd like to
get together.  Please let me know if this works for you and I'll confirm
my plans to be there.
Thanks,
Jim Naughton

Hi:
The big money making floor?   I don't think I like that.  Too much 
pressure...what happens if we screw up?

I went to the website and clicked on the link but all I got was a mess of 
characteres and symbols.  Any ideas how I fix it?
John

Hey John,

Did you check out the new spots?!!!  They are posted on the Intranet 
(home.enron.com).  Let me know what you think!  Hope all is well down there 
on the 'big money making' floor.

Have a good one, Margaret

can you please add this

John:   John Nowlan, Dave Botchlett, Jim Goughray and several others met with 
Mario last week.  They were all favorably impressed.   Jeff Shankman had 
asked to meet with him, and their appointment is scheduled for Thursday, 
9/28, at 1:30 pm.   Jeff had also asked that you spend some time with him so 
that a decision could be made as to whether or not to make him an offer.    
Would you have some time available on Thursday afternoon to see Mario?

Thanks,
Molly
x34804

What'd you do to my Cowboys?

Heather Robertson <hrobertson@hbk.com> on 09/01/2000 09:02:04 AM
Just read it...great article!

Have fun in Costa Rica... I hear it is amazing.

The Fortune article is about grassroots change within a company.   It is
written about the lady who started EOL, but I'm in it a little.   Chief of
natural gas derivatives...I'm not really sure what that means.  I run the
Nymex book now but not the floor..just the derivatives desk of five people.

I'm actually going to Costa Rica tomorrow morn thru Monday.   Never been
but heard it's beautiful.  Next time you're in we'll go out.
J

Heather Robertson <hrobertson@hbk.com> on 08/31/2000 01:20:05 PM

What do you mean?  I'm serious!

So what Fortune article?  I only saw you in Time...  Pretty freaky to see
someone you know like that!  What the heck is a "chief" of natural gas
derivatives?!  Skilling's old job?

Check out the Amazon (AMZN) chat on Yahoo... I was joking that all of my
friends were in the press lately (i.e. YOU, as well as all my HBS buddies),
so the guys on the trading floor thought this would be funny.  The best
part
is that someone thought they were serious and started in on the
conversation!!  I do investor relations for a hedge fund in Dallas, so
that's why they are talking about my IR/selling skills... but it's not
exactly your typical corporate IR position considering our investor base.

I'm going to be in your neck of the woods tomorrow.  I'm visiting friends
in
Houston on Friday & Saturday, then going to my sister's house in Bay City
on
Sat. night.  No firm plans, just getting out of Dallas.  Are you going to
be
around?

I thought about you the night after I saw the article because I was in
Snuffers, drinking a strawberry daiquiri...    =)  do you remember why??
I
think about that every time I go there....

Take care and make money!

Glad to see you're having so much fun with this.  I've been here 5.5 years
with nothing and then in one week I'm in Fortune and Time.  Pretty funny.
Things are going well here .  The big E just chugging along, bringing the
stock price with it.  Wish I could tell you everything new in my life, but
I think I just did.
Your long lost buddy,
John

Heather Robertson <hrobertson@hbk.com> on 08/31/2000 10:10:09 AM

Is this "the 26-year-old chief of natural-gas derivatives"?  If so, you
should write me back after you complete your "nine hours and $1 billion in
trades" today!!   Does this mean I have to start calling you "Mr. John"?!
It was great to see you're doing so well....
Your long lost buddy,
Heather

Heather Lockhart Robertson
HBK Investments LP
Personal:
214.758.6161 Phone
214.758.1261 Fax
Investor Relations:
214.758.6108 Phone
214.758.1208 Fax

Eric:
I passed the customer on to Jennifer Fraser and Fred Lagrasta.  Please 
coordinate with them.
Thanks,
John

seems crazy.  if you're willing to ride it for a few cents against you it's a 
great trade.  who knows where they're going in th eshort term though

slafontaine@globalp.com on 12/01/2000 09:57:30 AM
johnnny-you think these inverses ready to get sold yet? to me its all a timing
issue but aug/oct at 4-5 cts seems rich rich for injection season. only issue 
is
when to go?

Steve:
Sorry for the delay.  I was actually out of the office Thursday and 
Friday...some Enron management training seminar bs.  Count me as a probably 
for dinner on Friday.  I know JP well.  
Darcy Carrol's number is 713-646-4930. 
See you this wknd
John

slafontaine@globalp.com on 09/21/2000 12:19:40 PM
silverman cant even get an email address rite. trying this again

Steve LaFontaine
09/21/2000 11:19 AM

hi johnny, still waiting for you to return my call. know your tied up these 
days
with the online stuff. shudda been in today cuz the site just went down. 
anyway
two things:

im coming in for the vitol party the 28th and going to go oout to dinner 
friday
the 29th with john paul of cms and a cupla of other trader/friends. if you 
dont
have plans would be great to have you join. let me know if youre interested.

also, i have a good friend ex cargill that joined enron. he's in i think your
brazil office-biz development. was wondering if you cud help me get either his
phone number or an email address or both. would appreciate it.

things going well for me in the new digs-making good money and enjoying 
boston.
still pretty active in natgas. when i let you outta those feb/mar a month or 
so
ago i told mark silverman that there were only two people i wud let out of a
trade. thats the truth. hope all is well and hope to talk to you soon.also
781-398-4332, cell 617-320-4332

You should be able to view this with Windows Media Player.  Keep your
eyes
peeled.

Chris

> use care
>
>  Uncut version of today show
>
>
>  <<flash4.asf>>

 - flash4.asf

see you there

   

I have made reservations for 8:00 Wednesday evening at Fogo de Chao.  For 
those of us who haven't been there, the address is 8250 Westheimer, between 
Hillcroft and Fondren on the north side of the road.

If you are not able to attend, please let me know.

K.

I suggest that we initially cover this person out of the Portland office.  
One of our middle marketers can easily get up to meet with this guy.  
Depending on the magnitude and complexity o their power and gas needs are we 
will then pull in the appropriate people.  Phillip and John, let me know if 
this works for you.

Eric Thode@ENRON
09/22/2000 07:28 AM
John and Tim --

I believe this one is for both of you.  Thanks.

Eric

Lisa.M.Feener@enron.com on 09/21/2000 11:31:32 AM
I work for the Airport Authority for Seattle-Tacoma International Airport
in
Seattle, Washington and I am responsible for Managing the Utilities. We are
interested in hedging our Electricity and Natural Gas supplies. Can I get
some information on Enron's services in this area?

Douglas C. Holbrook
Manager, Business & Utilities Management
Port of Seattle
Seattle-Tacoma International Airport
PO Box 68727
Seattle, WA. 98168
Phone: 206-433-4600
Fax: 206-988-5515
holbrook.d@portseattle.org

Eric Thode@ENRON
09/22/2000 09:28 AM
John and Tim --

I believe this one is for both of you.  Thanks.

Eric

Lisa.M.Feener@enron.com on 09/21/2000 11:31:32 AM
I work for the Airport Authority for Seattle-Tacoma International Airport
in
Seattle, Washington and I am responsible for Managing the Utilities. We are
interested in hedging our Electricity and Natural Gas supplies. Can I get
some information on Enron's services in this area?

Douglas C. Holbrook
Manager, Business & Utilities Management
Port of Seattle
Seattle-Tacoma International Airport
PO Box 68727
Seattle, WA. 98168
Phone: 206-433-4600
Fax: 206-988-5515
holbrook.d@portseattle.org

COO's:
Do either of you have an objection to using Cantor as an OTC broker?

You're not done yet big boy.
Julie Pechersky
09/19/2000 02:31 PM
We really appreciate your attendance of the demonstrations of Reuters, Bridge 
and Globalview software.  Please take a minute
to fill out the attached feedback form so that we will know what you thought 
of each application.  Return the completed form to me.

Thanks again for you time!

Julie
39225

Thx for the spreadsheet.   2 questions : What time frame does this entail and 
does the correlation between the trader and AGG GAS include that trader's 
contribution to the floor's P&L.  In other words, is my P&L correlated with 
the floor or is it correlated to the rest of the floor absent me?

   

Jeff:
Man is looking for money again to hold them over for yearend.  Who do I need 
to talk to?
john

I'm in all day mtgs on Thursday and Friday.   I'm free Wednesday afternoon

Sarah Wesner@ENRON
09/18/2000 08:31 AM
Let's do this on Tuesday at 4:00 at EB 2868.  

John Arnold@ECT
09/15/2000 07:16 AM
yep...i'm always here

Sarah Wesner@ENRON
09/14/2000 10:37 PM
John - I will be out of the office on 9/15 and also from 9/21-9/30.  Are you 
available during 9/18-9/20 as I want to go through the information before 
October.  Let's arrange something early next week.  

Sarah

don't know.  think a little bit of everyone as the storage guys own it all.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 12/05/2000 09:37:01 AM
im so sick for getting out of that-john who 's getting squeezed on the mar? 
hope
its not you. pretty sure it isnt so safe to ask you?

Greg:
The guy from MG whom I spoke to about clearing was Alfred Pennisi, VP of 
Operations.  He's out of NY.   He indicated his clearing costs were $3.10 
versus the $4.50-5.00 I'm paying now.

Dave:
A couple things about the limit orders:

1:  When a customer opens up the limit order box, I think the time open 
should default to 12 hours.  We want the orders open as long as possible.  
Now, it is more work to keep the order open for 12 hours than for 1 hour.  
Traditionally, limit orders are a day order, good for the entire trading 
session unless specified otherwise.  

2.  Today Pete had 13,000/ day on his bid because he was hit for small size.  
When I tried to place a limit order, the quantity had to be in 5,000 
increments of 13,000 (i.e. 3000, 8000, 18000...).  I could not overwrite the 
quantity to be 15,000.  

3.  Everytime a limit order is placed, an error message occurs on the system 
saying error trade, price not available.

4.  Is there a way to modify a limit order, such as changing the price, 
without canceling it and resubmitting a new one?  If not, this would be a 
valuable feature.

Thx,
John

Please remove me from your mailing list

Tuesday, September 19, 2000

NACORE Houston Chapter Luncheon Meeting

An excellent opportunity to learn
and network with your corporate real estate peers.

Topic:  THE DOWNTOWN ARENA

Place:  The Houston City Club
            Nine Greenway Plaza
            1 City Club Drive, Houston, TX

Cost:   $25.00 (includes buffet luncheon)

RSVP using the attached form
or call Tammy Mullins at 713-739-7373 x 115

 - Notice91300.doc

I spoke to Alfred Pennisi from MG today.  MG clears their own trades and 
maybe some for other customers.  He indicated that his cost for clearing is 
$3.05 round turn. If this is accurate, we need to evaluate whether clearing 
ourselves and issuing cp every night is less expensive than paying a higher 
clearing rate and getting access to financing.  This is a question I hope 
your analysis of the true cost of clearing will answer.  

Also, fyi, over the past two days I have done two 6,000 lot EFP's with El 
Paso under the same structure I explained to you previously whereby long 
futures are transferred from his account to mine to lower initial margin 
costs.   

if you have a minute sometime today, please stop by.
john

yep...i'm always here

Sarah Wesner@ENRON
09/14/2000 10:37 PM
John - I will be out of the office on 9/15 and also from 9/21-9/30.  Are you 
available during 9/18-9/20 as I want to go through the information before 
October.  Let's arrange something early next week.  

Sarah

I'm actually trying to go through all my email from the week.  What a pain in 
the ass.  As soon as I finish one, another appears in my inbox.  So how's 
life at ucla?

Eleanor Fraser <efraser@anderson.ucla.edu> on 09/14/2000 06:07:11 PM
I think Yelena put a hit out on me all the way from Chicago
for sending those pictures!  I had no idea they would open
right away--they were supposed to be attachments.  Oops.  I
thought they were quite cute.

How are ya?  And what are you doing at work--I thought you
gas guys all left at 3!
:-) elf

On Thu, 14 Sep 2000 John.Arnold@enron.com wrote:

>
> why would i be???
>
>
>
>
> Eleanor Fraser <efraser@anderson.ucla.edu> on 09/14/2000 06:02:57 PM
>

Agree completely.  In that context, it looks good.

Louise Kitchen
09/14/2000 06:20 PM
It was something for the web-site but we are thinking its a bit arrogant for 
our counterparts so probably just use it internally or trade shows.

John Arnold
14/09/2000 16:24
Who's the target audience and how is it being distributed?

Louise Kitchen
09/14/2000 11:50 AM
Just wondering what you think of this?

   
	
	

John,

I know this gets nit-picky - but we're about to close.

regards,
Gary
x31511

Hello:
I will not be able to attend the meeting but do have interest in being a 
tutor in any math subjects.  Please advise,
John

Dear all interested volunteer tutors,

There will be an informational meeting on Tuesday September 19th at
5:30pm. This will be a brief meeting to discuss the tutor program and to
match tutors with students in subject areas. The meeting will be here at
the Houston Ballet Academy in the large conference room.

So far we have students who will need tutors in the subjects of:
art, sociology, spanish, geometry, english, earth science, history
(government and world history), women's literature, and algebra II.

Please let me know if you will be able to attend the meeting, as well as
what subject area that you would like to tutor in. If you will not be
able to attend the meeting, but are still interested in being a tutor
please let me know as soon as possible.

The Houston Ballet is located at 1921 W. Bell. The Houston Ballet
Academy faces W. Grey and is inbetween Waugh and Shepherd (next to
Kroger). If you need specific directions please call 713.523.6300. You
may reach me at 713.535.3205 or email me at:
SCrumbling@houstonballet.org If you have any questions please do not
hesitate to contact me.

Thank you for your interest and I look forward to meeting you.

Sharon Crumbling
Student Counselor
Houston Ballet Academy

David:
Do you have a simulation set up that will allow me to simulate trades by 
pushing a buy or sell button and will move the two way so i can try 
simulating actual market cicumstances?

John,

You might recall we spoke a few weeks ago about a system with more 
intelligence for out-of-hours trading than just leaving the products on Last 
Trade is Mid.

Attached is a suggestion for how such a system might work. It builds on 
Offset to Last Trade functionality.

The simplified description is: It tracks two variables: Intensity(Speed) and 
Bias (Buy or Sell emphasis).  As Intensity increases, the Spread increases. 
As Bias increases, the Offset increases.

I'll call later to see what you think of the idea.

Dave

 

Program Criteria

The formula which defines the trading decision-making program will need to 
work with several criteria/inputs/definitions. These might be:

Intensity (Speed) - The average time between transaction attempts, regardless 
of whether they are buys or sells. Measured as a moving average over the last 
[Intensity Factor] transactions by comparing the timestamp of the transaction 
Tibco messages for the Product.
Obviously, the lower the Intensity calculation, the higher the transaction 
flow. Therefore a high Intensity number indicates low transaction flow.
Intensity Factor - The number of transactions to be included in the moving 
average Intensity calculation. A possible value for this might be [4].
#Buys - The number of Buys which have occurred.
#Sells - The number of Sells which have occured.
Transaction Count - Could be either #Buys or #Sells (whichever last occured).}
Buy Offset - The Offset value which will be applied if a Buy occurs.
Sell Offset - The Offset value which will be applied if a Sell occurs.
Offset Reversion Ratio (ORR)- The amount by which the Buy Offset should be 
reduced if a Sell occurs (or amount Sell Offset should be reduced if a Buy 
occurs). A possible value for this might be [0.3]. If the application of the 
ORR results in a reduction of less than 1, then the reduction shall be 1.
Transaction Reversion Ratio (TRR)- The amount by which #Buys should be 
reduced if a Sell occurs (or amount #Sells should be reduced if a Buy 
occurs). A possible value for this might be [0.3]. If the application of the 
TRR results in a reduction of less than 1, then the reduction shall be equal 
to 1.
Spread Minimum - The minimum Spread value allowed. A possible value for this 
might be [0.04]
Spread Maximum - The maximum Spread value allowed. A possible value for this 
might be [0.50]
Offset Minimum - The minimum Offset allowed for both Buys and Sells. A 
possible value for this might be [0].
Offset Maximum -The maximum offset allowed for both Buys and Sells. A 
possible value for this might be [0.50]
Initial Offset - The Buy and Sell Offset used when the program is started
Initial Spread - The Spread used when the program is started
Spread-Offset Minimum - The minimum amount by which Spread must exceed 
Offset. Prevents a possible arbitrage opportunity for the customer. A 
possible value for this might be [0.01]
Dead Interval - The period of time which must pass before the program will 
recalculate the above Criteria, if no transactions have taken place during 
the Dead Interval. A possible value for this might be [240] seconds.

Program Outputs

The program should output the following variables as a result of combining 
the above Criteria in a user-defined Formula:

Spread (integer) - as per current Stack Manager
Offset (integer) - as per current Stack Manager
Suspension (boolean) - Whether or not the Product should be suspended. 
Normally "False"

Program Interface and Operation Principles

The user should be provided with a GUI which will allow them to define a 
relationship among the above Criteria, which will produce and apply the 
Outputs to a particular Product. This relationship would be defined with 
Intensity Formulas and Transaction Formulas. 

Every time a Transaction occurs, or a Dead Interval passes, the Criteria will 
be recalculated and the user-defined formulas will be reviewed by the 
program. If a Dead Interval passes without any transactions taking place, 
then Intensity = Intensity +240 and #Buys=#Buys-TRR and #Sells=#Sells-TRR and 
Buy Offset = Buy Offset- ORR and Sell Offset = Sell Offset - ORR. 

If the user-defined Formulas (see following) indicate that a change in spread 
should occur, then if the Offset is zero (in the case of a trade occurring) 
or if no trade has occured (during the passing of a Dead Interval), the 
system shall perform a Last Trade is Mid calculation around the last 
transaction, adjusting the buy and sell prices according to the new Spread 
value.

Any adjustment to the Spread shall respect the Spread-Offset Minimum. If a 
reduction in the Spread should violate the Spread-Offset Minimum, then the 
Buy Offset (or Sell Offset, or both as appropriate) shall be reduced 
accordingly. Similarly, if the Offset is increased by a Transaction Formula 
to a level greater than the Spread, the Spread shall be increased to maintain 
the Spread-Offset Minimum.

GUI/Formulas Example:

Constants
Intensity Factor: [4]
Dead Interval: [240]
Offset Reversion Ratio (ORR): [0.3]
Transaction Reversion Ratio (TRR): [0.3]
Spread Minimum [0.04]
Spread Maximum [0.50]
Offset Minimum [0]
Offset Maximum [0.49]
Spread-Offset Minimum [0.01]

         INPUTS           OUTPUTS
Intensity Formula
Formula # Intensity   Spread Offset  Suspension
S1  >220   -0.01 n/a F
S2  <30   +0.01 n/a F
S3  <10   +0.02 n/a F

Transaction Formula
Formula # # Transactions  Spread Offset  Suspension
V1  <4   n/a -0.01 F
V2  >3   n/a +0.01 F
V3  >5   +0.01 +0.02 F
V4  >10   +0.02 +0.04 F
V5  >15   +0.04 +0.15 F
V6  >20   n/a n/a T
    
Note that #Transactions would be #Buys or #Sells, as appropriate. Note also 
that #Buys and #Sells are not intended to be an absolute count, but rather 
are a moving measure of the number of buys or sells which have recently 
occured.

In this example, all Constants and Formulae are editable by the user through 
the GUI.

Simulation

Obviously, if we want to proceed, we will want to conduct several simulations 
to prove concepts and evaluate responsiveness. However, to give some idea of 
how the above might work when a market starts to run in a particular 
direction, please see the attached:

Additional Features

System Notifications

There should be two kinds of notifications for the Robotrader, which will be 
similar to Stack Manager Garbage Checks: Warning and Failure levels for both 
Offset and Price. The warning levels will trigger a pager message. The 
Failure levels will trigger a pager message and the product will be 
automatically suspended. The Price checks will be against prices input by the 
trader (not relative price movements, but actual price). There should be both 
maximum and minimum price checks (e.g. gas is trading at $5.50. The 
notification levels could be $8 at the top end and $2 at the bottom end). 
Offset checks will only be against a maximum value.

Dave

Jim: 
Your words of encouragement are greatly appreciated.  I've certainly had some 
troubles this quarter.  I do appreciate your offer but I don't want to take 
away from the amazing year you've had so far.  Maybe you should come trade 
this...
John

Jim Schwieger
12/06/2000 05:42 PM
Through the year's (Sounds like Im really old) I have learned that the really 
great Individuals come down on themselves for circumstances beyond their 
control when in fact their performance is far beyond what anyone else could 
have done.  I believe you are one of those individuals.  I appreciate what 
you have done with EOL and the burden you have had to take on.  This 
especially hits home when I see what has happened to you P/L the last 3 
months.  You are expected to carry the world without having any NYMEX 
liquidity to cover your risk.  I would like to offer to transfer $30 million 
out of the Storage Book to the Price Book.  Without you and EOL I could never 
have done what I've done. 

 Thanks,  
 Jim Schwieger

I would like to participate in the Enron presentation at Vandy.
John

Kristin Gandy@ENRON
09/11/2000 09:30 AM
Hello Vandy Recruiting Team,

Well it is almost time for the corporate presentation on campus (September 
26th at 5:30pm) and the MBA golf tournament (September 30th at 12pm).  I need 
to know as soon as possible the members who are available to participate in 
either of these events.  We only need two participants for the golf 
tournament but we will need at least 6 to 8 members for the presentation.  
Reserve your spot now before its too late!

Thank you and if you have any questions feel free to contact me at x 53214.

Kristin Gandy
Associate Recruiter

why would i be???

Eleanor Fraser <efraser@anderson.ucla.edu> on 09/14/2000 06:02:57 PM
So--are you really pissed at me?

:-) eleanor

Come talk to me sometime after 4:00

   
	
	

JA;
Six months ago we spoke about Tony moving to a commercial role. He followed 
your advice and has gained some experience in structuring. He approached me 
about joining the middle marketing group. I think he would an asset. I think 
we would bring him as an associate with the hope that he would move up to 
manager in 6 months.

Please let me know your thoughts. I would like to use you as a reference with 
Fred and Craig.
Thanks
JF

i filled in the spreadsheet

   
	
	

John,

Please keep in mind that the option we are looking for is the average of the 
daily Gas Daily Henry Hub settles from 2/1 - 8/31.

If you have any questions, please call me at x31511.

Regards,
Gary

Who's the target audience and how is it being distributed?

Louise Kitchen
09/14/2000 11:50 AM
Just wondering what you think of this?

How about 4:00?

Sarah Wesner@ENRON
09/12/2000 06:00 PM
John - we could be ready by Thursday.  What time does your market close (what 
is the earliest in the afternoon you can meet?)

can yuo set me up for the 4:00 mtg
Mark Frevert@ENRON
09/08/2000 10:09 AM
Sent by: Nicki Daw@ENRON
Sales Practices and Anti-Manipulation Training has been scheduled for 
Thursday, September 14, 2000 and Friday, September 15, 2000.  Attendance at 
this training is mandatory.  The sessions will run about 2 hours.  Since each 
session can only accommodate 50 people, please call Taffy Milligan at (713) 
345-7373 to reserve a seat.

 Session 1 Thursday, Sept. 14  2:00 p.m.
 Session 2 Thursday, Sept. 14  4:00 p.m.
 Session 3 Friday, Sept. 15  9:00 a.m.
 Session 4 Friday, Sept. 15  2:00 p.m.

Location details will be forwarded upon registration.

If you have any questions, please contact Mark Taylor at (713) 853-7459.

Mark Frevert / Mark Haedicke

David P Dupre
09/13/2000 02:41 PM
I've got you at 5pm in their calendar for Thursday Sep 14.

Al Pennisi and Craig Young from MG NY

David 3-3528 Steno 275

you're right....they're full

	
	Matthew Arnold
	
	09/11/2000 02:26:50 PM
	
tuesday night?

Please take care of this

John:

Hate to bother you about this again, since you have done it once already.  
Please approve me (via Stephanie Sever) to trade Nymex contracts through EOL 
on behalf of the Weather Derivatives book.

Thanks

Steven

someone had a foul odor for sure

Eric Thode@ENRON
11/30/2000 08:25 AM
Thanks for your help with the photographer.  I just heard from Ann Schmidt 
and Margaret Allen that he was, shall we say, a "fragrant photographer."  

I'm here...

My PAB file, or for the non technical among you, my Outlook Personal Address
Book was accidently deleted this week in an upgrade to Windows 2000 NT.
I have restored an old one, but it is several months, if not a whole year
out of date.
This is the first message to confirm the current address I have for you is
still active.
Please reply confirming you recieved it.
A second message will follow to try and replace some of the address's I know
I have lost.
Thanks for your help
Sean.

******************************************************************
This email and any files transmitted with it from El Paso
Energy Corporation are confidential and intended solely
for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are
addressed. If you have received this email in error
please notify the sender.
******************************************************************

Please schedule me for 10/10 from 3:00-5:00.  

Celeste Roberts
08/29/2000 06:21 PM
URGENT

The Associate and Analyst Recruiting Department will be conducting a number 
of two hour workshops to review our recruiting and interview process for the 
fall on-campus recruiting effort.  Critical information regarding our 
on-campus interview process, revised evaluation forms and program structure 
will be reviewed during these two hours sessions.

It is mandatory that all team members attend these workshops.  All team 
members must attend in order to articulate and demonstrate the Enron 
recruiting process.  Knowing how busy schedules are, we have made 
arrangements to present these workshops in two hours sessions for a total of  
40 workshops that will run during the last week of August, through the month 
of September and end at mid October.

Listed below are the dates, location and times for each session.  Please 
select a date and time and e-mail this information to my assistant, Dolores 
Muzzy.  We can accommodate 25 participants at a time.  Dolores will take 
dates and times on a first come, first serve basis.  We have scheduled enough 
sessions to accommodate every member of both the Associate and Analyst 
recruiting teams.

In order to participate in the recruiting process, you must attend one of 
these sessions.  We will be tracking participation.  CPE credits will also be 
given for attending this workshop.

 concord

 - concord.jpg

all you big boy...
	Invitation
Chairperson: Julie Pechersky

Start: 09/12/2000 04:30 PM
End: 09/12/2000 05:30 PM

Description: 3-DAY MEETING TO EVALUATE MARKET DATA FRONT END APPLICATION

This meeting repeats   starting on    (if the date occurs on a weekend the 
meeting ).
Meeting Dates: 

John Arnold/HOU/ECT
Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT
Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT
Thomas A Martin/HOU/ECT
Scott Neal/HOU/ECT
John Sieckman/Corp/Enron

Detailed description:
Please plan to attend a one hour demonstration of Globalview's product on  
Tuesday,September 12, Reuter's product
 on Wednesday, September 13, and Bridge's product on Thursday, September 14.  
Your participation in this project is
 essential in choosing the application that you and others on your floor will 
utilize in the future.  Each day, your group's  demo will
 take place from 4:30-5:30.  I will send a reminder email with the location.  
If for some reason there is a day that you 
can not attend, please work to find someone else to come in your place.
 Please contact me with any questions at x-39225

Please take care of 
Enron-admin@FSDDataSvc.com on 09/07/2000 11:51:29 AM
Executive Impact & Influence Program
* IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED - Do Not Delete *

As part of the Executive Impact and Influence Program, each participant
is asked to gather input on the participant's own management styles and
practices as experienced by their immediate manager, each direct report,
and up to eight peers/colleagues.

You have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending
the next program.  Your input (i.e., a Self assessment, Manager assessment,
Direct Report assessment, or Peer/Colleague assessment) will be combined
with the input of others and used by the program participant to develop an
action plan to improve his/her management styles and practices.

It is important that you complete this assessment
NO LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS Thursday, September 14.

Since the feedback is such an important part of the program, the participant
will be asked to cancel his/her attendance if not enough feedback is
received.  Therefore, your feedback is critical.

To complete your assessment, please click on the following link or simply
open your internet browser and go to:

http://www.fsddatasvc.com/enron

Your unique ID for each participant you have been asked to rate is:

Unique ID - Participant
EMP74A    - Phillip Allen

If you experience technical problems, please call Dennis Ward at
FSD Data Services, 713-942-8436.  If you have any questions about this 
process,
you may contact Debbie Nowak at Enron, 713-853-3304, or Christi Smith at
Keilty, Goldsmith & Company, 858-450-2554.

Thank you for your participation.

 concord

 - concord.jpg

Next Wednesday....

Jennifer Shipos
09/06/2000 05:07 PM
Should we have a kick-off  happy hour next week?  Sandra told me to start 
working on it.

Yea...can you come by around 5:30?

Sarah Wesner@ENRON
09/06/2000 03:29 PM
Progress is good.  Do you want to meet up today? 

John Arnold@ECT
09/06/2000 11:51 AM
just checking up on the status of the margin project....

Take me off your mail list

JobOpps@idrc.org on 09/05/2000 03:37:13 PM
IDRC Job Opportunity Posting

DATE RECEIVED: September 05, 2000

POSITION: Property Director
COMPANY: Regus Business Centre Corp.
LOCATION: Northeast  USA

For complete details go to: 
http://site.conway.com/jobopps/jobdetail.cfm?ID=83
To see all job postings go to: http://site.conway.com/jobopps/jobresult.cfm

take me off your mailing list

JobOpps@idrc.org on 09/05/2000 01:57:01 PM
IDRC Job Opportunity Posting

DATE RECEIVED: September 05, 2000

POSITION: Real Estate Manager
COMPANY: Sony Corporation of America
LOCATION: New York City NY, USA

For complete details go to: 
http://site.conway.com/jobopps/jobdetail.cfm?ID=82
To see all job postings go to: http://site.conway.com/jobopps/jobresult.cfm

i'll let you know if they invite me this year.

Hey!  How are you? 
When Is Amerex throwing there yearly Christmas party?

Thanks Frances

just checking up on the status of the margin project....

Cliff:
I have 4 tix to the Black Crowes for you, third row center.  Where's your 
office now? I'll come up and say hello this afternoon if you have a minute.
John   

Please take me off your email list

Jennifer Green <jgreen@aedc.org> on 09/01/2000 02:50:03 PM
Dear AEDC Member,

One of the most interesting developments in the economic development arena
is the creation of the AEDC/CUED/EDAC Site Selection Data Standard.  This
standard, long in the making, provides an opportunity for economic
developers and their customers to have one common means of presenting and
examining data.  Adoption of the standard promises real time savings and
more effective economic development decisions as communities will be more
comparable than ever before.

A copy of the standards is attached so that you can take a look at it to
see how the data standards can be made to work for you.  There are 25
tables in the standard presented in an excel format.  The tabs at the
bottom of the page will access the additional tables.

You can assemble your own data for the data standard tables or you can use
the services of ACN, the American Community Network. AEDC has entered into
a strategic partnership with ACN to provide much of the data necessary for
the standards.  ACN will provide data and provide future updates of the
standard to AEDC members at a discounted rate. It is your call as to which
approach works best for you.

Adoption of the standards promises great changes for the economic
development profession.  They should be of particular advantage to the many
areas that have great economic development opportunities but which haven't
received the consideration they deserve.  The standards are a great way to
tell their story.

If you'd like more information on the use of the standards, look for
notices of upcoming courses offered with AEDC's National Seminars on the
standards and their use.

Paul Lawler
AEDC

 - SSDSTF Datatables 97 June 00.xls

The Fortune article is about grassroots change within a company.   It is 
written about the lady who started EOL, but I'm in it a little.   Chief of 
natural gas derivatives...I'm not really sure what that means.  I run the 
Nymex book now but not the floor..just the derivatives desk of five people.  

I'm actually going to Costa Rica tomorrow morn thru Monday.   Never been but 
heard it's beautiful.  Next time you're in we'll go out.
J

Heather Robertson <hrobertson@hbk.com> on 08/31/2000 01:20:05 PM
What do you mean?  I'm serious!

So what Fortune article?  I only saw you in Time...  Pretty freaky to see
someone you know like that!  What the heck is a "chief" of natural gas
derivatives?!  Skilling's old job?

Check out the Amazon (AMZN) chat on Yahoo... I was joking that all of my
friends were in the press lately (i.e. YOU, as well as all my HBS buddies),
so the guys on the trading floor thought this would be funny.  The best part
is that someone thought they were serious and started in on the
conversation!!  I do investor relations for a hedge fund in Dallas, so
that's why they are talking about my IR/selling skills... but it's not
exactly your typical corporate IR position considering our investor base.

I'm going to be in your neck of the woods tomorrow.  I'm visiting friends in
Houston on Friday & Saturday, then going to my sister's house in Bay City on
Sat. night.  No firm plans, just getting out of Dallas.  Are you going to be
around?

I thought about you the night after I saw the article because I was in
Snuffers, drinking a strawberry daiquiri...    =)  do you remember why??   I
think about that every time I go there....

Take care and make money!

Glad to see you're having so much fun with this.  I've been here 5.5 years
with nothing and then in one week I'm in Fortune and Time.  Pretty funny.
Things are going well here .  The big E just chugging along, bringing the
stock price with it.  Wish I could tell you everything new in my life, but
I think I just did.
Your long lost buddy,
John

Heather Robertson <hrobertson@hbk.com> on 08/31/2000 10:10:09 AM

Is this "the 26-year-old chief of natural-gas derivatives"?  If so, you
should write me back after you complete your "nine hours and $1 billion in
trades" today!!   Does this mean I have to start calling you "Mr. John"?!
It was great to see you're doing so well....
Your long lost buddy,
Heather

Heather Lockhart Robertson
HBK Investments LP
Personal:
214.758.6161 Phone
214.758.1261 Fax
Investor Relations:
214.758.6108 Phone
214.758.1208 Fax

I have a membership to the Body Shop downstairs.  Can you cancel that please?
J

Glad to see you're having so much fun with this.  I've been here 5.5 years 
with nothing and then in one week I'm in Fortune and Time.  Pretty funny.  
Things are going well here .  The big E just chugging along, bringing the 
stock price with it.  Wish I could tell you everything new in my life, but I 
think I just did.   
Your long lost buddy,
John

Heather Robertson <hrobertson@hbk.com> on 08/31/2000 10:10:09 AM
Is this "the 26-year-old chief of natural-gas derivatives"?  If so, you
should write me back after you complete your "nine hours and $1 billion in
trades" today!!   Does this mean I have to start calling you "Mr. John"?!
It was great to see you're doing so well....
Your long lost buddy,
Heather

Heather Lockhart Robertson
HBK Investments LP
Personal:
214.758.6161 Phone
214.758.1261 Fax
Investor Relations:
214.758.6108 Phone
214.758.1208 Fax

Did you get the magazines I sent you?

Karen Arnold <klarnold@flash.net> on 08/30/2000 09:16:53 PM
Don't look at Power until it goes up again.....today was not a good day.

I have a job interview tomorrow night!  Yes, ME!  I don't know if I will
take it if it is offered to me.  It's for only 4 days/week!!!!

Attached are settles tonight for seasons and years for next 10 years.
Dutch is working on getting historical curves.  He should have it by tomorrow 
morning.
John

Can you handle this please?

	

You will be receiving (if you haven't already) an e-mail from "Dennis" 
<dennisw@fsddatasvc.com> requesting you to complete
an attached form.  His request states "Immediate Action Required".

It has come to our attention that you may not be familiar with FSD which is 
the data service processing partner to Keilty Goldsmith.  They
are responsible for sending out the Team Selection Forms to all of our 
participants.  I wanted to reconfirm that Dennis' e-mail attachment is your 
Team Selection Form which must be completed and forwarded back to FSD for 
processing by 12:00 noon, Thursday, August 31st.  

To Assitant of Participant.  If your manager is out of town, please let me 
know and I will get a form to you so that you can
hopefully fax it to his/her destination.  I will work with you in any way 
possible to adhere to the timeline.  Thanks!  

Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate in contacting me.

Debbie Nowak
Executive Development
713  853.3304

She's out no bitch

you know i have a picture of you blown up on my wall, don't you?  So when
does the fortune story come out?  (lemme guess, sep 11?)

You didnt realize I was such a fucking bigshot did ya?  Check out the Sep
11 Fortune page 182 for more of the mojo.

"You can't turn away for a minute or you get picked  off." Damn!! I'm
minding my own business sitting on the dooker  reading Time, and sure
enough i get picked off! Sheeeeeeeeeet.   Friggin celebrities. Can I have
your autograph? :)

Nice work, dood.

Fellas, I believe the new job is almost here--i was  told yesterday that I
got the job and am just waiting for the phone offer  (supposed to happen
this afternoon). If it comes through, I'll be covering  the
internet--should be pretty solid. Who knows, if EnronOnline gets spun  off
(obv, not gonna happen) I might even get to cover it... what a  mock!
Anyway, thought I'd drop you two a line. Hope things are going  well...

can't wait for football... lemme know when  you boys come back out here...

Andy

wassup wassup wassup.

plan drinks for any day early in the week

Jennifer Shipos
11/09/2000 05:31 PM
When do you want your drinks that I owe you?  I think it's time to have 
another group happy hour.  It doesn't seem like you have been your normal 
self recently.  

Please contact John Lavorato.  He will be in charge of these budgetary issues.
Thanks,
John

   
	
	

Hi John,

Since Jeff has left I am assuming that you will be responsible for the plan 
for your cost center - 105894.  Please correct me if I am wrong.

I have scheduled a meeting tomorrow at 4pm with you to discuss the 2001 
direct expense plan for Financial Gas trading.  I will have a schedule that 
details your 2000 plan, 2000 estimate based on the first 6 months of 2000 and 
a template for the 2001 plan.  

I will be mostly interested in getting the following information from you 
tomorrow:

1) Are you expecting an increase in headcount?  If so, what level of person?
2) What percentage increase in salaries for 2001?
3) Will you increase the # of analyst and associates used in this cost center?
4) What special pays, sign on bonuses, employee agreement, etc. do you want 
to plan for?
5) Are you expecting any promotions?
6) If you increase headcount, would this person(s) come from placement 
agencies?  Would we need to plan relocation costs for them?
7) Do you expect to use any consulting firms or outside temporaries?
8) Will you have any employee offsites or customer meetings that we should 
plan for?  If so, how much and where?
9) Will you have any large capital expenditures other than computers, 
monitors and software?
10) Do you anticipate any other changes in this cost center that we should 
plan for (ie, opening of another office, etc.)

My last day in this group is Thursday so I was trying to get this finished 
before Paula Harris took over.  She will be coming to the meeting with me.  
Please let me know if you need any additional information prior to the 
meeting.

Thanks!
Suzanne

Fine with me

Andy Zipper@ENRON
08/29/2000 06:55 PM
Fair enough, though for basis swaps and other non NYMEX stuff I thought the 
numbers were a little higher. We are going to use $7.50 per 10,000 unless you 
have objection.

Frank:
How do Sep basis positions roll off?
John

And you wonder why America is the most productive country in the world.

MARY COOK
08/29/2000 08:12 AM
Ah, the European holiday tradition!  

	Sarah Wesner@ENRON
	08/28/2000 07:25 PM
		 
Warren Tashnek called to say that the documents for the credit line will not 
be available until next week.  It seems that all of Soc Gen's Paris office is 
on holiday for the month of August so the  credit proposal for the Enron 
facility is gathering dust on someone's desk until they return.  

Mary Cook is working on t he brokerage agreement between Fimat and Enron.  
That should be done in about a week.

Just FYI, whether it matters or not, but commissions in gas average $3-4 a 
contract.  Not sure about power.

Andy Zipper@ENRON
08/28/2000 04:10 PM
While we are putting this card together I thougth you guys might like to see 
some of the imputed commission numbers.......I thought we would cut it off at 
$100,000 saved. I'm using an average rate of $10 per 10,000 mmbtu gas and 
power equivalent.

Rahil:
I have never commented favorably nor unfavorably about Kase's newsletter.   I 
think publishing independent market evaluations could be beneficial.  The 
more interesting content that is published, the better.

   

	
	                           
	

Hey John,

We'd briefly spoken on the phone last week, but I haven't been able to come 
by and talk to you like I'd promised.  Louise had mentioned you did not like 
Cynthia Kase's newsletter and may not want us to put Cynthia's weekly 
summaries on EnronOnline.

Since Fred (Lagrasta) and his group think publishing her summaries on 
EnronOnline will attract more of the smaller customers, would you have any 
objection over us publishing the Kase newsletters.

Pls. let me know ASAP so we can proceed with this further.

Regds.,
Rahil
x. 3-3206

yes

Under the alternative "bumping" method, if the market is 3.75/5.25 and our 
EOL and ICE market's are both 4/5 in that case, would we pay brokerage if 
someone executes on ICE rather than EOL?

Fletch

Thanks

   

	
	                           
	

John,
Delainey asked Buy and Skilling to extend it for the next two weeks.  
Consider it extended thru 9/12/00.
Ted

Ted:
Lavorato wanted me to check on the $5,000,000 VAR extension.  Is it possible 
to get this extended indefinitely until the west basis market settles down?  
We will have a good percentage of the west position rolling off over the next 
week as well as indices get published.  Please advise ASAP.
John

Dave:
Just a reminder, can you send me a list of grandchildren to my products.   
Also, is it possible to systems-wise deny grandchildren to a specific product 
to ensure that the rule is enforced?
John

no thanks.  

Andy Zipper@ENRON
11/28/2000 08:25 AM
Do you care about seeing this report ? I use it for general benchmarking. Let 
me know if you want to see it regularly.
	
	

If you have any questions, I would be more than happy to answer them.

Thanks,
Pete
x5-7597

Just some feedback on our EOL discussion.  Whalley had similar thoughts about 
how to address the ICE issue.  His thoughts are that if we are 4/5 on EOL, we 
post 1/8 on ICE.  If someone betters the bid to 1.5, a logic server 
automatically bumps up our bid to 1.75.  If someone betters that to 2 bid, we 
immediately go 2.25 bid.  So we are always the best market on ICE so long as 
it is not inside our EOL 2-way.  Thus the only way our best market shows on 
ICE is if without us the market is 3.75/5.25, at which point our 4/5 market 
gets shown.  If the 3.75 bid pulls out, so does our 4 bid.   Our proposal was 
that if EOL was 4/5 we would always show ICE 3.75/5.25.   Think about which 
system you like better.

Whalley loved Fletch's idea of running tally of brokerage saved and that will 
be implemented shortly.

I am going to call another EOL meeting for everyone on the gas floor managing 
a product this week.  The purpose will be to communicate about the importance 
of winning the electronic commerce game through a combination of improving 
2-ways and killing the broker markets.  

You didnt realize I was such a fucking bigshot did ya?  Check out the Sep 11 
Fortune page 182 for more of the mojo.

"You can't turn away for a minute or you get picked  off."? Damn!!? I'm 
minding my own business sitting on the dooker  reading Time, and sure enough 
i get picked off!? Sheeeeeeeeeet.?  Friggin celebrities.? Can I have your 
autograph?? :)?  
?
Nice work, dood. 
?
Fellas, I believe the new job is almost here--i was  told yesterday that I 
got the job and am just waiting for the phone offer  (supposed to happen this 
afternoon).? If it comes through, I'll be covering  the internet--should be 
pretty solid.? Who knows, if EnronOnline gets spun  off (obv, not gonna 
happen) I might even get to cover it...? what a  mock!? Anyway, thought I'd 
drop you two a line.? Hope things are going  well...
?
can't wait for football...? lemme know when  you boys come back out here...
?
Andy
?

Hey:
Can you send me the file that you produced of those names so I can shrink it 
down a little?
Thanks,
John

How about Tuesday at either 6:45 am or 2:15 pm my time.

David Redmond
08/25/2000 07:26 AM
John, Mike,

As you may know I recently moved from the Calgary office to the London 
office. The vol curve here is marked very similarly to the Nymex curve at the 
front but drops off to a much lower level at the back. Richard Lewis, who is 
in charge of UK Gas and Power trading, would like to discuss the rationale 
behind the longer end of the NG curves, both vol and price.

Could we all get on the phone sometime next week (Monday is a holiday here) 
perhaps before the open or shortly after the close? (The Nymex closes at 8pm 
UK time.)

Thanks,

Dave

Ina:
Did you find out the info on the ENA management committee>
John

Dave:
I was thinking about our conversation yesterday.   If El Paso, absent this 
power deal, were to give us physical gas for 8 years discounted at their WACC 
in exchange for an upfront cash payment from ENE, is that transaction a 
mark-to-market gain for us?  If not, what's the difference in paying them 
with an asset rather than cash.  If it is a mark-to-market gain, isn't this a 
way to generate false P&L?
John

Thanks, have a good time but no interest..
John

David P Dupre
08/24/2000 05:00 PM
Every now and then, I receive complimentary tickets to Astros games at Enron 
field from various brokers or other contacts.
If you would be interested in receiving them, let me know--

David
3-3528 
Steno: 275

Must be nice to be a Wall Street executive

John,

I will be out of the office vacationing up in Martha's Vineyard with the
family through Labor Day.  Good Luck with Debby...talk to you in Sep.

Hey:
So I was thinking about your NY problem...I might have an answer.  The site 
http://www.bestfares.com/internet_charts/hotel_internet.htm
lists cheap hotel specials.  The problem is they won't list them until the 
Wednesday before the weekend.  Check it out though.  They have some 
reasonable deals.
John

Thanks.  This is a project we should have done 5 years ago.
John

Sarah Wesner@ENRON
08/22/2000 11:10 AM
Futures' information - will work with Dutch, may take several days

Margin Financing Agreement terms:

Warren Tashnek left me a message today saying that the Soc Gen documents were 
coming.  

John Arnold@ECT
08/22/2000 07:04 AM
Sarah:
Can you create a spreadsheet summarizing Enron's open futures interest broken 
down by commodity and broker, including maintenance and initial margin for 
all commodities (including rates, currencies, gas, crude, etc).  
Also, can you create a list of all margin financing agreements in place and 
the rates we pay.
Thanks,
John

appears as though the time to get in was last wednesday and everybody already 
missed their chance to get out

   thursday 6 PM   Ruggles on main.
   Is it time to get into etoys?

Jeff Pesot
Verso Technologies
(212) 792-4094 - office
(917) 744-6512 - mobile

mail to : jeff.pesot@verso.com
       www.verso.com

Fine

Ina Rangel
08/22/2000 02:08 PM
Carolyn Gilley who is a department head in our records management group has 
hired the firm, Millican & Assoicates to come in and compile all of our 
current and archived files into a more suitable fileplan.  Enron has given 
permission for this firm to handle this, but they need further approval from 
each one of you to deal with your backoffice people and with your assistants 
in compiling this information to complete their project.  Below is a more 
detailed letter from the firm explaining their work here.

Please respond to me that I have your approval to give for them to complete 
your project.

Thank You,

Ina Rangel
Sarah Bolken@ENRON
08/22/2000 08:17 AM
Sent by: Sara Bolken@ENRON
Ina, here is information concerning the scope and purpose of our project:

We are records and information management consultants from Millican & 
Associates, who have been hired by Carolyn Gilley, ENA's Records Manager, to 
formulate a Fileplan for all of ENA's business records. The approach we're 
taking to develop this Fileplan is to perform a generic  inventory of each 
ENA organization's records. Now, we generally meet with an executive (usually 
a vice president, director or manager) within each group to first explain 
this project and seek permission to perform the inventory. We'll then ask 
that executive to designate someone within his/her area to serve as our 
working contact. The contact is usually someone who is very familiar with 
their department's record, and can be a manager or support staff.

There are a number of reasons we are working on this ENA Fileplan Project. 
Enron, as I am sure you know, creates volumes of paper and electronic 
records--much of it has never been captured on a records retention schedule. 
Many departments are keeping records well beyond their legal retention 
requirements, taking up valuable and expensive office space. The Fileplan, 
once completed, will document what is being created, who has responsibility 
for it, and how long it must be maintained.

Enron has also invested in a software product called Livelink. Livelink is an 
imaging system whereby you can scan your documents into it, index them, and 
then use the "imaged" document viewable from your computer as the working 
copy. After scanning, the paper can either be destroyed or transferred to 
offsite storage, depending upon its retention requirements. 

During our inventory we will attempt to capture both paper and electronic 
records. We'll also try to identify any computer systems your area uses, i.e. 
MSA, SAP, etc.. The inventory itself is painless and non-invasive, in that we 
do not open or look into file cabinets or desk drawers. It's simply an 
interview process where the contact answers a few easy, simple questions.

 If you have any additional questions, please feel free to give me a call.  
Thank you.

Sara Bolken
X35150

Sarah:
Can you create a spreadsheet summarizing Enron's open futures interest broken 
down by commodity and broker, including maintenance and initial margin for 
all commodities (including rates, currencies, gas, crude, etc).  
Also, can you create a list of all margin financing agreements in place and 
the rates we pay.
Thanks,
John

Jennifer:
I'll be here, 3221F, tomorrow from 7:00 - 8:00 and 8:30-9:00 am.
Thanks
John

Jennifer Milligan
08/21/2000 11:15 AM
John,

I am a new generalist on your Human Resources team and  I would like to 
deliver your Stock Option Grant Agreement.   We are required to deliver these 
documents in person, so please email me with your current EB location or call 
me with a convenient delivery time.

Thanks,
Jennifer
X35272

And I'm expecting the same from you.

Brian Hoskins
08/21/2000 12:52 PM
John,

I trust you have set a good example for all of us to follow by contributing 
20% of your gross income.  Don't let us down.

Brian

John Arnold
08/21/2000 12:49 PM
Dear fellows,
Please remember to fill out your pledge card for United Way (even if you 
don't plan on contributing)  if you haven't done so thus far.
Thanks,
John

Dear fellows,
Please remember to fill out your pledge card for United Way (even if you 
don't plan on contributing)  if you haven't done so thus far.
Thanks,
John

Ina:
1.  Vacation is fine.
2.  Please put meeting below on calendar.
3. I am going to analyst presentation at Vanderbilt.  Find out when it is and 
put on calendar.
4. Can you find out who is on the ENA management committee meeting I went to 
along with their title and responsibilities.
5. Can you schedule a meeting for Tuesday or Wednesday late afternoon with 
Phillip, Hunter, and Fletch about EOL
Thanks.

Please mark your calendars for the following Bi-Weekly Meeting, on Tuesdays,
starting on August, 29th.

  Date:  Tuesday, August 29

  Time:  3:00 pm - 4:00 pm 

  Location: EB32C2

  Topic:  Var, Reporting and Resources Meeting

 If you have any questions/conflicts, please feel free to call me.

Thanks,
Rain
x.31560

does the arnolds' worldwide notoriety surprise you?

John Buckner Thomas
08/21/2000 12:20 PM
season started saturday.  ends in may.  i'm pretty open..... bring it.  
arsenal v liverpool tonite.

me and hugh grant are neighbors (notting hill)... and he's been asking about 
the arnolds...

or something.

John Arnold
21/08/2000 18:16
when are we invited??

John Buckner Thomas
08/21/2000 11:51 AM
when are you and your brother coming over to watch some premier league?

when are we invited??

John Buckner Thomas
08/21/2000 11:51 AM
when are you and your brother coming over to watch some premier league?

Is that hugs or kisses?

John J Lavorato@ENRON
08/21/2000 10:42 AM
XXXX XXX

Due to VAR reasons, you and I  both need to sell today.  Vol and price are 
going up, implying Enron can carry fewer contracts today than Friday.  Have 
your desk net sell 400 today.
John

CONGRATULATIONS

David P Dupre
11/28/2000 09:02 PM
As a recent transfer into the analyst program, I have moved to a new group: 
EnronCredit.com, based
in London but I will be working here.   I will be working mainly with credit 
derivative traders.

I am at the same phone number, 3-3528, and completely enjoyed my role working 
with you
in the Nymex checkout function for the past 1 1/2 years.

Joe Hunter will be taking my place while a replacement is found.

Best wishes to each of you at Enron.

David

Had Carlos Franco just shot a 49 yesterday instead of a 70, you would have 
won.

Hey,
Can you add Whalley and/or Andy Zipper to Pedrone's interview schedule.  He 
can come in earlier if necessary. 

If you need to talk to him, he is staying at the Omni and his cell number is 
917-699-2222.

John

I had a dream that you were laid off yesterday, the day before your deal.

Just checking on Saturday with third eye blind...

If J. Franco wins, you win $2425
If he loses, you lose $75

08/17/2000 02:12 PM
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
Brenda Flores-Cuellar@ENRON
08/17/2000 02:12 PM
08/17/2000 02:12 PM
This is too funny.

-Bren

 - hyundai.mpeg

Web server noticeably slow today.  I'm getting a lot of bad failed trades 
(2-3 seconds behind when I change a price).
Not necessarily slower than yesterday, but definitely slower than a month 
ago.

z/f trading 4

Thanks...anxiously awaiting

Andy Zipper@ENRON
08/16/2000 09:28 AM
Yeah yeah I know....

The roll out for phase II EOL is (for now) 8/28/00. Options are qeued next 
after that. Unfortu ately I wish I could give you a hard date, but it is out 
of my hands and in Jay Webb's shop. I am pushing as hard as I can but Louise 
has set phase II as the priority. I know this sounds like a lame excuse, but 
I don't know what else to say. The application is built, it just needs to be 
tested. Please don't get too frustrated and keep the pressure up on us.

Andy

Andy:
Just checking on the options.  Any idea on rollout date?
John

Congrats on your new job..

Z/F !!!!   wow.    Who would have thunk it.  Prompt gas at $6+ and Z/F as 
wide as last year.  Hard to think of a better scenario for it to flip.  
Rather, hard to think of any scenario for any z/f to be contango.   if it 
couldn't do it this year....
A lot of boys max withdrawing out of storage because that's what the curve 
told them to do last bid week.  Obviously, more gas trying to come out than 
is being burned, so you have to incentivize an economic player, like an 
Enron, to inject.  Problem is if we stick it in the ground now, we're pulling 
it out in G.  When you had z/g at 35 back and cash getting priced off g, 
cash/z looks awfully weak, thus putting a lot of pressure on z/f.  Storage 
economics will always dictate this market except maybe latter half of 
winter.  Buyers of h/j at 70 certainly hope so anyways.  
Agree with you that back half of the winter should be strong.  storage boys 
are withdrawing today and buying that.   bottom fishing in f/g yet or is it 
going to zero?

slafontaine@globalp.com on 11/22/2000 06:50:46 AM
agree on jan/feb-i cudnt resist sold a little yest at 39-will prob end up 
buying
em back at +45 and piss away the rest of my month

fyi-if you ever have a chance to speak on the phone feel free to call-my time 
is
busy but managed only by me not paper flow and eol. so i dont bother you with
calls just an occasional email to give you the time to respond when you have 
the
time. im also susprised about dec/jan-mad a few bucks trading it both ways but
one cant help wonder given these loads-gass crazy out west-the so called 
impact
of husbanding by end users yet the frontn of the curve still cant backwardate 
at
all-indeed makes all the sprds look very rich agaon.
   also will be curious how these "loan deals" by pipes work ouut. man these
guys cud really be getting themselves in trouble-another big reason dec cash
hasnt been able to go over jan-but i think it will make them strong longs in 
the
back of the mkt?? ie are they taking the gas back in march, april?? shud keep
that part of the curve very strong agree?
  be cool my man-talk later

Scott:
Congrats on some great tech analysis of late.  You've called it near 
perfectly over the past month.  

John

SOblander@carrfut.com on 08/10/2000 07:04:53 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now in the most recent version of Adobe Acrobat 4.0 and they
should print clearly from Adobe Acrobat Reader 3.0 or higher. Adobe Acrobat
Reader 4.0 may be downloaded for FREE from www.adobe.com.

(See attached file: ngas.pdf)(See attached file: crude.pdf)
 - ngas.pdf
 - crude.pdf

 suicide

 - suicide.avi

I will not be able attend but Errol will be there in my place.
Thanks,
John

PAMELA 
SONNIER        
08/09/2000 10:27 AM

Your attendance is requested for this Carr presentation Friday, August 11th 
in 32C2 at 11:30a.

Jeff Koehler, Senior VP of Global Client Services along with Scott Oblander, 
Assistant VP, Energy Division  and Hamilton Fonseca, VP, Customer Support 
will be in our office on Friday.
These gentlemen will be here to demonstrate Carr's electronic clearing 
capabilities.
This presentation is for Enron's mid/back office and IT personnel that are 
involved in exchange traded futures and options.  The presentation is real 
time via the internet and takes approximately 1 1/2 to 2 hours depending on 
the number of questions that are raised.
Lunch will be served and we look forward to seeing each of you present. If 
for any reason you are unable to attend please inform me that I might order 
lunch accordingly.

Thank You.

Pamela Sonnier
(x3 7531) 

thx

Liz M Taylor
08/09/2000 08:54 AM
Hi Johnny,

I was out yesterday and did not receive your message until now.  However, I 
did not have any tickets.    I'll make it up to you.  Let me know when you 
would like to attend a game.

Liz

John Arnold
08/08/2000 01:45 PM
Hey:
Do you have any extras for tonight's game?
John

PS.   How's you bowl

Hello,
Just checking to see if things are progressing as scheduled.  
Thanks,
John

   
	
	

Plan of action for implementation of the VaR methodology change related to 
forward-forward volatilities:

1. Finalize the methodology proposed (Research/Market Risk) - Done

2. Testing of the new methodology for the Natural Gas Desk in Excel (Market 
Risk)  - Done

3. Get approval for the methodology change from Rick Buy (see draft of the 
memo attached) - John Lavorato and John Sherriff - by 8/7/00
 
 

 - John Lavorato, any comments on the memo?
 - Would you like to run this by John Sherriff or should I do it?

4. Develop and implement the new methodology in a stage environment 
(Research/IT) - by 8/14/00

5. Test the new methodology (Market Risk, Traders) - by 8/27/00

6. Migrate into production (Research/IT) - 8/28/00

Please let me know if this is reasonable and meets everyone's expectations. 
Vlady.

By Fiona O'Brien
   LONDON, Aug 8 (Reuters) - The head of the largest yet Internet
exchange for energy products said it will combine traditional anonymity
with transparency to give traders a better overview of market activity.
   The InterContinentalExchange (ICE), an Atlanta-based venture
initiated by seven major oil companies and banks is due to launch August
24 for trade in precious metals swaps, with energy products trade to go
live soon afterwards.
   While market transparency will increase as dealers used to
over-the-counter (OTC) telephone-based market trade on a screen, users
of the ICE will remain nameless up until the point of trade, Jeffrey
Sprecher, ICE's chief executive officer told Reuters in an interview.
   "As soon as you hit the deal, the system reveals both
counterparties," he said. "The real strength is that you (still) get the
ability to manage your own counterparties.
   "You can list all of the people you want to do business with and put
in the credit terms under which you will do business."
   This information will then be processed by what Sprecher called a
"giant matrix" within the system.
   "(At the moment) people in the over-the-counter market aren't sure
they have ever seen the entire market," he said.
   "(On the ICE), deals you can do will appear in white and deals you
can't do will be in grey, but you can see the entire market."
   Giving players a fuller complement of figures than they are currently
aware of in a telephone-dominated market should increase market
transparency, as they can keep abreast of the activities of dealers who
fall outside their own trading criteria, Sprecher said.
   The exchange is expected to function in real time around the clock
and will be accessible via the public internet or a private network
connection.
   Initial liquidity will be provided by founder members BP Amoco
<BPA.L>, Deutsche Bank <DBKGn.DE>, Goldman Sachs <GS.N>, Morgan Stanley
Dean Witter <MWD.N>, Royal Dutch/Shell <RD.AS><SHEL.L>, Societe Generale
<SOGN.PA> and TotalfinaElf <TOTF.PA>.
   Shell runs the industry's largest international oil trading operation
and Goldman Sachs' J.Aron commodities arm last year was dominant
internationally in unregulated OTC oil derivatives.
   Late in July the original cast was joined by six gas and power
companies, American Electric Power <AEP.N,> Utilicorp's Aaquila Energy
<UCU.N,> Duke Energy <DUK.N,> El Paso Energy <EPG.N>, Reliant Energy
<REI.N> and Southern Company Energy Marketing <SO.N>.
   Sprecher said continued liquidity would be ensured by the fact that
the founding members will pay fees even if they do not trade and will
face additional penalties if they fail to live up to their commitment to
trade a minimum volume.

   TRADERS STILL TO DO OWN CLEARING
   As well as increasing awareness of market moves, Sprecher believes
trading over the Internet could boost trading profits.
"The economics (of the system) will be driven by the fact that a
paperless back office can really save a lot of money," he said.
   However such savings on trading the ICE appear some way off given
that dealers will initially have to continue using their own clearing
systems, as they do in current OTC systems.
   Under the ICE, once a deal has been struck both counterparties will
receive an electronic deal ticket which will then go through those
players' own risk management systems.
   But the exchange is eager to look at ways of introducing its own
clearing system.
  "No one really knows how at the moment," Sprecher said. "There might
be some hybrid between traditional exchange clearing and what now exists
peer to peer."
  In terms of participation costs, no membership fees will be incurred
except those associated with trading. Membership is open to any
commercial market participant.
   Each product will have its own published commission schedule, which
Sprecher assessed at "slightly below the best prices someone would pay
in the voice broker business".  ((London newsroom +44 20 7542 7930)

For related news, double click on one of the following codes:
[O] [E] [ACD] [U] [ELE] [ELN] [UKI] [EMK] [MD] [CRU] [PROD] [ELG] [NGS]
[WWW] [US] [GB] [FR] [DE] [BNK] [DRV] [EUROPE] [WEU] [MEAST] [LEN]
[RTRS]
[BPA.L\c] [DBKGn.DE\c] [GS.N\c] [MWD.N\c] [SHEL.L\c] [SOGN.PA\c]

For related price quotes, double click on one of the following codes:
<BPA.L> <DBKGn.DE> <GS.N> <MWD.N> <SHEL.L> <SOGN.PA>

Tuesday, 8 August 2000 13:24:31
RTRS [nL08439249]

67

george.ellis@americas.bnpparibas.com on 08/08/2000 09:32:47 AM
Good Morning,

Here are this week's stats:

AGA Last Year       +45
5 yr AVG            +67
Lifetime High            +80    1996
Lifetime Low             +45    1999
Gas in STGE              1920
5yr AVG             2132
+/- to 1999              -386
+/- to 5yr AVG           -212

Please have your estimates in by Noon (11:00 CST) tomorrow.  Thanks.

(Embedded image moved to file: pic24924.pcx)

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
 
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.
 - pic24924.pcx

Hey:
Do you have any extras for tonight's game?
John

PS.   How's you bowl

Yes, I  managed it while she was on vacation.

David Forster@ENRON
08/07/2000 10:01 AM
I note that Sandra Brawner is managing this product today, but your ID had it 
Friday night.

Does this sound right?

Dave

David Forster
08/04/2000 08:18 PM
Was live as of 8:15 this evening.

I suspended it.

Dave

JP:
Hope things are going well. 
I'm trying to get the email address of your new partner, Tracy.
If you have, can you forward?
Thx,
John

Please tell me he's not analyzing bollinger bands.
Attached please find a follow up to today's Natural  Gas market analysis.
?
Thanks,
?
Bob
 - 11-27-00 Nat Gas intraday update 1.doc

Although I would prefer to see the counterparty name for failed transactions, 
it is not of great importance and I certainly understand a third party system 
not supplying us with that info.

Andy Zipper@ENRON
07/31/2000 01:51 PM
John,

As you are probably aware we did a click through deal with Houston Street, 
whereby EOL prices would be posted on their platform. The initial thought was 
that this would be transparent to the trading desks; they wouldn't care 
whether the trade came from Houston Street, True Quote or EOL (although we 
could make the platform name available to you if you so desired.) This still 
will be the case except for one problem: Houston Street does not want us to 
reveal the counterparty name to the trader in the event of a failed 
transaction. I don't know whether this is an issue for you or not, but I 
would like to know. We will probably run into this issue with any platform we 
deal with for obvious anonymity reasons. I would really appreciate your 
thoughts/concerns.

-Andy

thx

Phil Clifford
08/02/2000 04:25 PM
thought you might find this interesting. looks like heavy tropical wave 
moving off the coast.

http://www.intellicast.com/Tropical/World/UnitedStates/AtlanticLoop/

I am leaving early on Friday.  If they want I'll try to talk to the kid for 
15 minutes around lunch.
John
Kevin G Moore
08/01/2000 01:22 PM
Hello,
I have several changes.

Vince Kaminski  9:00-10:00 Conf.EB19C1

Toni Graham     10:00-11:00 Conf.EB32C2

Mike Roberts and Jose Marquez  - Lunch

Mark Tawney    1:00-1:30  Conf.EB32C2

Grant Masson 1:45-2:10  Conf.EB19C1

Stinson Gibner  2:15-2:30 Conf.EB19C1

Maureen Raymond  2:30-2:45 Conf.EB19C1

Hunter Shively  3:00-3:15   EB3241

Jeff Shankman  3:15-3:30   EB3241

John Arnold   3:30-3:45 EB3241

Please call me at x34710 with any questions or new information.

                                                                      Thanks
                                                                    Kevin 
Moore

Please take me off email list.

mailreply <mailreply@idrc.org> on 08/03/2000 09:15:53 AM
Planning to attend the Olympics in Sydney, Australia?

Here is a networking opportunity for our international IDRC visitors to 
experience some warm Aussie hospitality.

The Sydney Chapter would love to offer our international IDRC members an 
opportunity to combine the Olympics with a real Aussie Bush Barbeque in one 
of our National Parks close to Sydney.

The Chapter has set aside Thursday, 14 September 2000 for an IDRC 
International "Wine & Wisdom" event in the form of a Bush BBQ.  The time is 
4:00 - 6:00 pm for a BBQ, a little informal information sharing, and some 
warm Aussie hospitality.

Just let us know who you are, how we can contact you, your particular social 
or business interest, and we will be in touch with more detail.  It's then up 
to you!

Contact John Fox, IDRC Australia Regional Director, tel (612) 9977 0732, 
email: john.fox@idrc.org

Regards,

Bruce Richards
Australia Regional Council Chair

John Fox
Australia Regional Director

Visit our website for news and information www.idrc.org

The following is a summary of the trades EES did today:
 
  # buys  # sells
Sep  5 / day  5 / day 
Oct  4 / day
Nov-Mar 3 / day  2 / day
Apr-Oct  1.5 / day 2.5 / day
 
Total contracts traded = 2045

Thought you should know...
John

Hello:
There is one feature that has not been transferred to the new stack manager.  
When I sort by both counterparty and product at the bottom of the screen, the 
position summary does not sort by both product and counterparty, just by 
product.  It would be very useful if you can replace this. 
Thanks,
John

z/f 10/12

Hey:
Do you have JP's email address?

John

Matthew Arnold

08/02/2000 06:46 PM

Jonathon Pielop
07/31/2000 07:55 AM

Matthew Arnold

08/02/2000 06:46 PM

Jonathon Pielop
07/31/2000 07:55 AM

good seats sill available

	
	Matthew Arnold
	
	11/27/2000 12:33:48 PM
	
guess who is a sponsor of the galleryfurniture.com bowl?  tickets available 
in the energizer for $8.

Matthew Arnold

08/02/2000 06:46 PM

Jonathon Pielop
07/31/2000 07:55 AM

Matthew Arnold

08/02/2000 06:46 PM

Jonathon Pielop
07/31/2000 07:55 AM

That is fine...Just make sure you ensure the confidentiality of the floor is 
not compromised.  Do not let him see any EOL entry screens.
Thanks,
John

David P Dupre
08/02/2000 02:09 PM
I have a friend at Prudential Securities who is interested in visiting the 
trading floors this week.

He is in my capacity (back office) at Pru.

Please let me know,

Thanks
David
3-3528 
Steno: 275

 baby

 - baby.mpg

SOblander@carrfut.com on 08/02/2000 06:41:29 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now in the most recent version of Adobe Acrobat 4.0 and they
should print clearly from Adobe Acrobat Reader 3.0 or higher. Adobe Acrobat
Reader 4.0 may be downloaded for FREE from www.adobe.com.

Mike Heffner will be on vacation the rest of this week. No charts until
Monday.

(See attached file: Stripmatrix.pdf)(See attached file: ngas.pdf)(See
attached file: crude.pdf)
 - Stripmatrix.pdf
 - ngas.pdf
 - crude.pdf

Kevin G Moore
08/01/2000 01:22 PM
Hello,
I have several changes.

Vince Kaminski  9:00-10:00 Conf.EB19C1

Toni Graham     10:00-11:00 Conf.EB32C2

Mike Roberts and Jose Marquez  - Lunch

Mark Tawney    1:00-1:30  Conf.EB32C2

Grant Masson 1:45-2:10  Conf.EB19C1

Stinson Gibner  2:15-2:30 Conf.EB19C1

Maureen Raymond  2:30-2:45 Conf.EB19C1

Hunter Shively  3:00-3:15   EB3241

Jeff Shankman  3:15-3:30   EB3241

John Arnold   3:30-3:45 EB3241

Please call me at x34710 with any questions or new information.

                                                                      Thanks
                                                                    Kevin 
Moore

fyi 
jan red jan 32/33 with sep @392

Vlade:
I have not heard back from you.  What is the schedule for changing the VAR 
process?
Please reply,
John

fyi:
Jan Red Jan trading 28.5 with Sep @ 381

Hey:
What's the update on Larry May's VAR issues.   Again, this is a priority as 
we will lose Lavorato's VAR soon.
Thanks,
John

saw a lot of the bulls sell summer against length in front to mitigate 
margins/absolute position limits/var.  as these guys are taking off the 
front, they are also buying back summer.  el paso large buyer of next winter 
today taking off spreads.  certainly a reason why the spreads were so strong 
on the way up and such a piece now.   really the only one left with any risk 
premium built in is h/j now.   it was trading equivalent of 180 on access, 
down 40+ from this morning.  certainly if we are entering a period of bearish 
to neutral trade, h/j will get whacked.  certainly understand the arguments 
for h/j.  if h settles $20, that spread is probably worth $10.  H 20 call was 
trading for 55 on monday.  today it was 10/17.  the market's view of 
probability of h going crazy has certainly changed in past 48 hours and that 
has to be reflected in h/j.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 12/13/2000 04:15:51 PM
mkt getting a little more bearish the back of winter i think-if we get another
cold blast jan/feb mite move out. with oil moving down and march closer flat 
px
wide to jan im not so bearish these sprds now-less bullish march april as 
well.

The agreement is fine.  I'll mail it out.

John:
?
Thanks again for the opportunity to provide my technical  service.? Attached 
is an agreement that covers our arrangement.? Let  me know if you have any 
questions.? If it's ok, please sign and fax back to  me at (410)308-0441.? I 
look forward to working with you.?  
?
Mark Sagel
Psytech Analytics
(410)308-0245
 - Agree-Enron.doc

Liz:
Come by anytime...
Thanks,
John

Liz M Taylor
07/25/2000 05:22 PM
John,

Thank you for sponsoring me for ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease).  I need to turn 
all funds in by Wednesday, July 26.  Please make your check payable to 
"MDA."  (Cash is also accepted.)  Call me when ready and I'll come collect or 
send to EB2801e.

Many Thanks,

Liz Taylor x31935
EB2801e

John Arnold  $100.00

thanks

FYI. I spoke with Steve. Seems like they have not been successful with plan 
A, i.e. to get their investors to give them authority to trade OTC as well as 
futures. They have moved on to plan B which is to take one of their domestic 
funds (approx. $500mm under mgt) off the floor (futures only) and into OTC 
trading. Still has the rating problem with Enron, but I am trying to get him 
to arrange a conference call with their CFO so I can discuss ways around it. 
He will try to do so this week. Mind you, I left it at this point the last 
time I spoke with him a couple of months ago and it seemed to stall. I'll 
keep chasing it.  Per
 

John Arnold
07/07/2000 08:50 AM
Per:
I've talked to him several times in the past.  I told him that you would call 
because of your experience with setting up funds.  They have two main 
problems.   One is setting up their internal systems.  Second, they have 
credit problems with a BBB+.
Please call and introduce yourself.
Thanks,
john 

John, did you answer him or should I respond? Per

John Arnold
06/26/2000 05:18 PM
Steve List <slist@Campbell.com> on 06/26/2000 12:32:02 PM

Kevin G Moore
07/24/2000 01:09 PM
Friday , August 4,2000

Interview begins at  9:00 a.m.

9:00 a.m. Vince Kaminski - EB1962

10:00 a.m. John Lavarato - No Interview

11:15 a.m. Mike Roberts / Jose Marquez
                           (Luncheon Interview)
3:00 p.m.  Hunter Shively - EB32C2

3: 15 p.m. Jeff Shankman - EB32C2

3:30 p.m. John Arnold - EB32C2

3:45 p.m. Toni Graham-

Itinerary and Resume will follow ......

                       Thanks
                 Kevin Moore
Please note: DO NOT OFFER  Mr. Bennett a position without JOHN LAVARATO 
APPROVAL

Frank:
One of the most likely scenarios for a VAR blowout would be a severe cold 
front hitting the country in the middle to latter part of the winter.  In 
such a circumstance, cash may separate from prompt futures similar to how 
Midwest power traded $5000+ on specific days last year while prompt futures 
were $200.  The correlation between prompt and cash is normally very strong, 
and is indicated by the small VAR associated with a spread position 
currently.  But in the winter that may change.
Another thing to keep in mind while developing this scenario is the 
assymetric risk presented by having a spread position on.  Assuming we enter 
the winter with normal to below normal storage levels, a position of long 
cash, short prompt futures has a long tail only on the positive p&l side.   
While such a trade in an efficient market has expected payout of 0, the 
payout probabilities may look like the following:

20%  $ -.05
40%     $ -.02
20% $ 0
19% $ .03
1% $ 1
   

   

RAC is working on developing some "canned" stress tests regarding VaR.  For 
example, one test could be called "hurricane", were the prompt month is 
"stressed" on both price and vols, holding all other inputs constant. 

Anyway, I would like to know of any likely/realistic stress scenarios you can 
think of....

Let me know,
Frank

Vlady:
The plan looks good.  Can you please attach a time schedule to the different 
steps and send it back.
Thanks,
John

   
	
	

Gentlemen,

Below is a plan of action for moving along with the VaR methodology change 
related to forward-forward volatility:

1. Finalize the methodology proposed (Research/Market Risk)

 - determine the time period used to calculated forward-forward vols vs. 
correlations (20 days vs. 60 days)
 - stabilize the calculation for curves and time periods where the curve does 
not change based on historical prices, implying volatility of 0%

2. Get approval for the methodology change from Rick Buy (see draft of the 
memo attached) - John Lavorato and John Sherriff

3. Develop and implement the new methodology in a stage environment 
(Research/IT)

4. Test the new methodology (Market Risk, Traders)

5. Migrate into production (Research/IT)

Please let me know if this is reasonable and meets everyone's expectations. 
Vlady.

VP
ENA
Nat Gas Trading
3-3230

	Debbie Flores
	07/18/2000 09:01 AM
	
	

I am needing to update the following information for Beth Miertschin's Fall 
Recruiting team listings.  

Please forward me the following:

Title
Company
Business Unit/Function
Extension
Location

Your response is greatly appreciated.

Debbie Flores
Recruiting Coordinator
Analyst Program 

Mary:
These agreements are acceptable.  Please sign the give up agreements with 
Banc One.
John

MARY COOK
07/19/2000 02:30 PM
I have received the executed counterparts of the Give Up Agreements from Banc 
One for our signature contemplating several executing brokers.  It is my 
understanding that trades were recently pulled from Banc One and therefore, 
these agreements may not now be warranted.   John, please advise me regarding 
whether you will want to sign these agreements with Banc One or not.  Thank 
you.  Mary Cook  ENA Legal

Jeff:
In regards to the antitrust training, can you please schedule that at least 
one of the sessions starts at 3:00 or later to ensure participation by all.
Thanks,
John

Russell:
My risk group frequently uses the New Counterparty label for internal 
counterparties that do not have a trading book.  This transaction was a hedge 
for the acquisition of the paper plant we announced recently.  I'm not sure 
who the internal group is that did the transaction.  Dutch Quigley should be 
able to help.
John.

   

	
	                           
	

John

A trade came across our morning report listed as a 'New Counterparty'.  It 
was about 17BCF Swap from Sep "00  - Aug '07.  Can you give me some details 
on the counterparty.

Thank you,

Russell
Credit

Thanks.

Andy Zipper@ENRON
07/19/2000 08:27 AM
By the version of EOL do you mean the new version of stack manager ? If you 
do, we should have finished testing by today. That means we will roll out 
today or tomorrow, but Louise wants a more developed roll out plan, so that 
might slow things down a bit. Not to make excuses, but we have had some 
serious technical problems with the new release and have had to redesign 
whole parts of the back end of the system. The problem is around how many 
things can be linked to a single product and stack manager performance, 
obviously a serious issue. It has taken us, obviously, a lot longer than we 
thought to fix it. I think there are still some minor issues that we should 
discuss, but they should not get in the way of release.

If you mean by new version, the phase II website version with sexy content, 
we are scheduled (cum grano salis) to roll that out in mid august.

any questions please feel free to call.

-andy

who were you trying to bet on??

John J Lavorato@ENRON
11/26/2000 08:55 PM
That's cheap

Andy:
Is the new version of EOL coming out soon.  I'm waiting to put new products 
on until it comes...
John

I think you're cheating trying to get a fixed amount.... I'll give $1 per 
pin.  
Good luck,
John

Liz M Taylor
07/17/2000 03:57 PM
John,
Please a flat amount.  Don't hold me to pins.  Everyone is giving a flat 
amount.  I'm NOT a bowler.

Liz

John Arnold
07/17/2000 03:56 PM
Is it per game or point or what?

Liz M Taylor
07/17/2000 02:33 PM
Enron/MDA 
Beach Bowl 2000
To Benefit ALS Research

I'm bowling to help "strike out" ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease).  If you have not 
sponsored someone else, I would very much like for you to sponsor me.  The 
event takes place on July 29.  I will need all donations by July 26.

Any donation is greatly appreciated and matched by Enron.

Many Thanks,

Liz

Is it per game or point or what?

Liz M Taylor
07/17/2000 02:33 PM
Enron/MDA 
Beach Bowl 2000
To Benefit ALS Research

I'm bowling to help "strike out" ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease).  If you have not 
sponsored someone else, I would very much like for you to sponsor me.  The 
event takes place on July 29.  I will need all donations by July 26.

Any donation is greatly appreciated and matched by Enron.

Many Thanks,

Liz

Jim:
The list I gave you is a list of brokers that can clear through you, NOT 
brokers that you clear exclusively.  You do not clear any of my brokers 
exclusively.  All trades that clear through you will be done on discretionary 
trade-by trade basis.  You MUST have your floor personnel reverse everything 
they they told my brokers this morning.

I am not happy.

John

Jim:
The following are the authorized floor brokers to accept trades from:
Man
Paribas
SDI
Refco
Carr
the old Fimat group (don't know what their name is now)
Flatt Futures
ABN

Thanks,
John

Frank:
The $5,000,000 extra VAR disappears in about a week.  There MUST be a 
band-aid to the term VAR curve before this expires.  Again, the back of the 
board is realizing 35-60% vol and it's being credited with 15% vol. 
Thanks,
John

Hello:
A recent posting on the Enron bulletin board indicated that you are looking 
for academic tutors.  I may be available to help at nights in math.  Can you 
please respond with details about the program, how old the kids are, the 
commitment required, etc.
Thanks,
John Arnold

Interesting observation...but I'm not sure I agree.   I think consensus 
opinion is that anything under 2.7 TCF is very dangerous entering the 
winter.  A month ago, analysts were predicting we would end the injection 
season with around 2.6 - 2.7 in the ground. With the most recent AGA, those 
projections seem to be closer to 2.7.  With supply of gas very inelastic to 
price in the short and medium term, you must look at the demand side of the 
equation.  The market is trying to price out the right amount of demand 
(mostly through lost industrial load and fuel switching) such that supplies 
will be stored rather than burned.  Each AGA number is another data point as 
to whether nat gas is high enough to price out enough demand to reach a 
comfortable level in storage entering the winter.   A low AGA number 
indicates we haven't priced out enough demand and the market must go up.  
Certainly, the 97 throws a curve in the bull argument, but the number  may be 
a function of very mild weather, a four day holiday weekend, and reporting 
noise rather than indicative of a structural shift in the supply/demand 
equilibrium.  We'll know a lot more as the next two weeks' numbers come out.  
If we get two low injections, watch out.

   

	

John,
I think the AGA's are not as important to bulls as to bears.  In the 
beginning of the season, AGA's were  very important in framing the bull 
case.  The current expectation is that we will go into the winter under 
stored.  I don't believe any additional AGA news can significantly change 
that expectation. 

However, I believe Bears, as evidenced today, will feed more heavily off of 
bearish AGA news, than bulls will off bullish AGA news.

At this juncture, I believe that the most potent bullish news has to come 
from the physical market and weather. 

I hope you don't mind me expressing my view point on this issue.

Thanks,
Frank

  

Frank:
Just following up on two topics.
One: Larry May's book continues to run at a VAR of 2,500,00 despite the fact 
his P&L is never close to that.  Can you check that his exotics book 
positions are being picked up in his VAR calcs.

Second:  Have you looked into applying a band-aid to the understating longer 
term Vol problem until we change formulas?

John

Margaret:
As you can imagine, most information and procedures on the floor are 
extremely confidential.  We look at the gas market uniquely and using 
different tools than anybody else.  It is one of our competitive advantages.  
I'm hesistant to approve the use of any documents for external purposes.  
If you provide more information about what you're trying to show, who the 
target audience is, and what format it will be presented, I may be able to 
help you.
John

Margaret Allen@ENRON
07/13/2000 11:09 AM
Did you get this?  My computer registered that it didn't go....delete if you 
already did.

Margaret Allen
07/13/2000 10:45 AM
John,

Please look over this file and let me know if it is okay for us to use it as 
the screen shot that is on all the monitors in the commercial.  Please 
include Ann on your response, as she will be passing it through legal since 
I'm out of the office.

Ann, 
Once he gets this back to you, please run it by Mark Taylor.  If he is okay 
with it, email the final version back to me, because the crew in Toyko needs 
it ASAP.  

Thanks!  Margaret

	
	

Margaret -- It's critical that you get John Arnold's permission before using 
the attached spreadsheet and graphs.  They contain curves through July 12th.  
Also, you may want to get legal permission from Mark Taylor.

kal

	Heather Alon
	07/13/2000 09:08 AM
	
Hi Kal,
 Here are some screen shots, let me know if they will work for you.  I think 
we may need to double check with John Arnold- the trader- before using them 
for sure.  But I was told they would be okay.    

Heather

Oak -11 or Atl +11  ????

Bet voided

John J Lavorato@ENRON
11/23/2000 09:42 AM
250 per

New England +6
Over 37 1/2 NE/DET
Minn -7 1/2
Buff +3 1/2
Miami +5 1/2
Phil +6 1/2
Clev +16
Chic +7
Oak +11
Jack +3 1/2
Den -3
KC -2
Giants/Ariz over 38

Current 3730

Good job....I've got 10% of my portfolio in CGP.   Keep up the good work.

http://biz.yahoo.com/prnews/000711/tx_el_paso_2.html

Tuesday July 11, 5:42 pm Eastern Time
Company Press Release
SOURCE: El Paso Energy Corporation
El Paso Energy Corporation Reports Record Second Quarter Earnings Per Share
HOUSTON, July 11 /PRNewswire/ -- El Paso Energy Corporation (NYSE: EPG
<http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=epg&d=t> - news </n/e/epg.html>) today
announced second quarter 2000 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.69,
an increase of 73 percent over second quarter 1999 adjusted diluted earnings
per share of $0.40. The second quarter 2000 results exclude $0.13 per share
of one-time merger-related items. Diluted average common shares outstanding
for the second quarter 2000 totaled 242 million. Consolidated adjusted
earnings before interest expense and income taxes (EBIT) for the second
quarter increased by 55 percent to $408 million, compared with $263 million
in the year-ago period.
EBIT from the company's non-regulated businesses more than tripled in the
quarter to $246 million, and represented 60 percent of consolidated EBIT.
``Outstanding growth in Merchant Energy and continued strong performance in
our other non-regulated segments produced these record results,'' said
William A. Wise, president and chief executive officer of El Paso Energy
Corporation. ``Reflecting our long-standing strategy of building a portfolio
of flexible gas and power assets, Merchant Energy's earnings continued to
accelerate in the second quarter.''
For the first six months of 2000, adjusted diluted earnings per share
increased 84 percent to $1.40 per share, compared with $0.76 for the first
six months of 1999. Consolidated EBIT for the six months, excluding
non-recurring items, increased 55 percent to $798 million compared with $515
million in the year-ago period.
Second Quarter Business Segment Results
The Merchant Energy segment reported record EBIT of $152 million in the
second quarter 2000, compared with $6 million in the same period last year
and $50 million in the first quarter 2000. The physical and financial gas
and power portfolio developed over the past several years is creating
significant value in the current volatile energy environment. Enhanced
trading opportunities around our asset positions, continued strong wholesale
customer business, and management fees from Project Electron (the company's
off-balance sheet vehicle for power generation investments) all contributed
to the record second-quarter performance.
The Production segment reported a 30-percent increase in second quarter EBIT
to $52 million compared with $40 million a year ago, reflecting higher
realized gas and oil prices and lower operating costs following the
reorganization of its business in 1999. Weighted average realized prices for
the quarter were $2.26 per million cubic feet (MMcf) of natural gas and
$19.21 per barrel of oil, up 12 percent and 29 percent, respectively, from
the year-ago levels. Average natural gas production totaled 512 MMcf per day
and oil production averaged 14,275 barrels per day.
The Field Services segment reported second quarter EBIT of $30 million,
nearly double an adjusted $16 million in 1999. The increase was due
primarily to higher realized gathering and processing margins, together with
the acquisition of an interest in the Indian Basin processing plant in March
2000. Second quarter gathering and treating volumes averaged 4.1 trillion
Btu per day (TBtu/d), while processing volumes averaged 1.1 TBtu/d.
Coming out of one of the warmest winters on record, the Natural Gas
Transmission segment reported second quarter EBIT of $190 million compared
with an adjusted $187 million a year ago, reflecting the realization of cost
savings from the Sonat merger. Overall system throughput averaged 11.3
TBtu/d. During the quarter, Southern Natural Gas received Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission approval of its comprehensive rate case settlement
filed in March.
The International segment reported second quarter EBIT of $12 million
compared with $16 million in 1999. Higher equity income from projects in
Brazil and Argentina largely offset lower equity earnings from the company's
investment in the Philippines.
Telecom Update
``We have made substantial progress in the development of our
telecommunications business, El Paso Global Networks,'' said William A.
Wise. ``Reflecting our market-centric approach to developing new businesses,
we have named Greg G. Jenkins, the current president of El Paso Merchant
Energy, to head our telecommunications business. Our expertise in building
businesses in rapidly commoditizing markets, as demonstrated by our Merchant
Energy success, provides us with a key competitive entry point in the
telecommunications marketplace.''
Quarterly Dividend
The Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.206 per share on
the company's outstanding common stock. The dividend will be payable October
2, 2000 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on September
1, 2000. There were 237,786,853 outstanding shares of common stock entitled
to receive dividends as of June 30, 2000.
With over $19 billion in assets, El Paso Energy Corporation provides
comprehensive energy solutions through its strategic business units:
Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company, El Paso Natural Gas Company, Southern
Natural Gas Company, El Paso Merchant Energy Company, El Paso Energy
International Company, El Paso Field Services Company, and El Paso
Production Company. The company owns North America's largest natural gas
pipeline system, both in terms of throughput and miles of pipeline, and has
operations in natural gas transmission, merchant energy services, power
generation, international project development, gas gathering and processing,
and gas and oil production. On May 5, the stockholders of both El Paso
Energy and The Coastal Corporation overwhelmingly voted in favor of merging
the two organizations. The combined company will have assets of $35 billion
and be one of the world's leading integrated energy companies. The merger is
expected to close in the fourth quarter of this year, concurrent with the
completion of regulatory reviews. Visit El Paso Energy's web site at
www.epenergy.com <http://www.epenergy.com>.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This release includes forward-looking statements and projections, made in
reliance on the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. The company has made every reasonable effort to ensure
that the information and assumptions on which these statements and
projections are based are current, reasonable, and complete. However, a
variety of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the
projections, anticipated results or other expectations expressed in this
release. While the company makes these statements and projections in good
faith, neither the company nor its management can guarantee that the
anticipated future results will be achieved. Reference should be made to the
company's (and its affiliates') Securities and Exchange Commission filings
for additional important factors that may affect actual results.
                          EL PASO ENERGY CORPORATION

                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME
                   (In Millions, Except per Share Amounts)
                                 (UNAUDITED)

                                    Second Quarter Ended   Six Months Ended
                                          June 30,             June 30,
                                       2000      1999      2000      1999

    Operating revenues                $4,227    $2,597    $7,333    $4,875
    Operating expenses
     Cost of gas and other products    3,451     1,949     5,829     3,590
     Operation and maintenance           226       223       436       469
     Merger related costs
      and asset impairment charges        46       131        46       135
     Ceiling test charges                ---       ---       ---       352
     Depreciation, depletion,
      and amortization                   148       141       293       289
     Taxes, other than income taxes       36        36        77        76
                                       3,907     2,480     6,681     4,911

    Operating income (loss)              320       117       652       (36)

    Equity earnings and other income      42        64       100       113

    Earnings before interest expense,
     income taxes, and other charges     362       181       752        77

    Interest and debt expense            127       110       250       212
    Minority interest                     27         4        49         8

    Income (loss) before income
     taxes and other charges             208        67       453      (143)

    Income tax expense (benefit)          68        23       142       (52)

    Preferred stock dividends
     of subsidiary                         6         6        12        12

    Income (loss) before extraordinary
     items and cumulative effect
     of accounting change                134        38       299      (103)

    Extraordinary Items, net
     of income taxes                     ---       ---        89       ---

    Cumulative effect of accounting
     change, net of income taxes         ---       ---       ---       (13)

    Net income (loss)                   $134       $38      $388     $(116)

    Diluted earnings (loss)
     per common share:

      Adjusted diluted earnings
       per common share (a)            $0.69     $0.40     $1.40     $0.76
      Extraordinary items                ---       ---      0.37       ---
      Cumulative effect
       of accounting change              ---       ---       ---     (0.06)
      Merger related costs,
       asset impairment, and other
        non-recurring charges          (0.13)    (0.36)    (0.13)    (0.36)
      Ceiling test charges               ---       ---       ---     (0.94)
      Gain on sale of assets             ---      0.05       ---      0.05
      Resolution of regulatory issues    ---      0.08       ---      0.08
      Proforma diluted earnings (loss)
       per common share                $0.56     $0.17     $1.64
$(0.47)(b)

      Reported diluted earnings (loss)
       per common share                $0.56     $0.17     $1.64
$(0.51)(b)

    Basic average common shares
     outstanding (000's)             229,539   226,877   229,064   226,471

    Diluted average common shares
      outstanding (000's)            241,710   237,955   240,117   237,161

    (a) Adjusted diluted earnings per common share represents diluted
earnings
        per share before the impact of certain non-recurring charges.
Second
        quarter 2000 results exclude merger related charges of $(46) million
        pretax, or $(31) million aftertax.  Second quarter 1999 results
        exclude merger related charges of  $(131) million pretax, or
        $(86) million aftertax, a gain on sale of assets of $19 million
        pretax, or $12 million aftertax, and the resolution of regulatory
        issues of $30 million pretax, or $20 million aftertax.  Year-to-date
        2000 results exclude the extraordinary gain on the sale of the East
        Tennessee and Sea Robin systems of $89 million aftertax and merger
        related charges of $(46) million pretax, or $(31) million aftertax.
        Year-to-date 1999 results exclude the cumulative effect of an
        accounting change of $(13) million aftertax, merger related charges
of
        $(135) million pretax, or $(86) million aftertax, ceiling test
charges
        of $(352) million pretax, or $(222) million aftertax, a gain on sale
        of assets of $19 million pretax, or $12 million aftertax, and the
        resolution of regulatory issues of $30 million pretax, or $19
million
        aftertax.
    (b) Proforma diluted loss per common share reflects reported diluted
        earnings per share but assumes dilution.  Reported diluted loss per
        common share does not assume dilution because dilution would reduce
        the amount of loss per share.
SOURCE: El Paso Energy Corporation

******************************************************************
This email and any files transmitted with it from El Paso
Energy Corporation are confidential and intended solely
for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are
addressed. If you have received this email in error
please notify the sender.
******************************************************************

Per:
Can you give the Campbell fund read-only access to EOL.  It may speed up the 
process if they see they can trade pre-market.
John

I spoke to Vlady this afternoon regarding the alternative VAR methodologies.  
I think changing to a Riskmetrics historical VAR system is more defendable 
and objective, will provide more consistent results, and will create more 
realistic results.  I understand Vince has a similar opinion.   
John.

8 pm to 2 am

Gregory Carraway@ENRON
07/10/2000 04:32 PM
What time do the festivities begin?

Greg's always on vacation.  You need to teach him some work habits.  Next 
Tuesday will work.  
John

Liz M Taylor
07/10/2000 02:57 PM
Hi John!

Greg and Mary are on vacation this week in Germany.  May I put you on the 
calendar for Tuesday of next week?  Greg will travel to Philly on Monday.

Liz

John Arnold
07/10/2000 12:36 PM
Hey,
Can Greg fit me in for about 30 minutes tomorrow afternoon?

--- Your secret admirer

I'll send 2 invites up.  What's your location?

Gregory Carraway@ENRON
07/10/2000 02:36 PM
Thank you for the invitation. I would love to attend. I would like to invite 
my wife, if that would be ok. Also, could you tell me where the Mercantile 
bar is located? Thank you!!!

I'm free from 4:00-5:00 today

   
	
	

John,

Per your and Jeff's request, Research and Market Risk Groups have conducted 
an extensive analysis of the forward-forward vol methodology used in the 
Value-at-Risk calculation. 

We analyzed and compared two methodologies: 

 the existing methodology - based on forward (implied) vols
 an alternative methodology - based on historical vols

I would like to schedule about 30 minutes to walk you through the pros and 
cons of each methodology and get your input.

Vlady.

Hello,
Bill Perkins of Small Ventures USA is having a party this Saturday at the 
Mercantile bar downtown.  He has rented out the place, has a band, open 
bar...  usually pretty fun.  He asked me to give both of you an invite in 
appreciation of the work you've done for him.   If you have interest, ccmail 
me with whether you need one or two invites each.
John

Hey,
Can Greg fit me in for about 30 minutes tomorrow afternoon?

--- Your secret admirer

Per:
I've talked to him several times in the past.  I told him that you would call 
because of your experience with setting up funds.  They have two main 
problems.   One is setting up their internal systems.  Second, they have 
credit problems with a BBB+.
Please call and introduce yourself.
Thanks,
john 

John, did you answer him or should I respond? Per

John Arnold
06/26/2000 05:18 PM
Steve List <slist@Campbell.com> on 06/26/2000 12:32:02 PM

adams 30  631

world cup 2006  --  Germany    

BOO!

Dinner tonite....birthday boy???

Please top level the following P&L out of my book because the market settled 
limit down.

 End of day position Amount settle was off in my estimation  Total amount 

V0  -1700   -.035     595,000
X0  6400   -.025     -1,6000,000    
Z0  -1450   -.020     290,000 
F1  4750   -.015     -712,500
          --------------- 
          -1,427,500

How about 4:00 ??

Andy Zipper@ENRON
06/30/2000 05:02 PM
Pick a time on Wednesday to come by and take a look at the Options manager.

Have a good 4th.

-andy

Andy:
Sorry...I was on vacation last week and fell behind my email.   Anytime you 
want to talk is fine.  I'll be around today if it works for you.
john

Andy Zipper@ENRON
06/16/2000 11:48 AM
john,
I'd like the chance to review some assumptions re: options manager ( yes, we 
are still on schedule) with you as well as discuss some other issues related 
to putting Enron's prices on other platforms. some time on monday would work 
best for me. Let me know.
andy

Steve:
Good hearing from you.  Hope all is going well.  I gave your name to Per 
Sekse in our New York office.  He deals with a couple hedge funds we 
currently do business with and has addressed some of the obstacles that we 
face with other counterparties.  He is on vacation this week but will call 
next week.  If you have any problems or concerns, feel free to call.  
John

Steve List <slist@Campbell.com> on 06/26/2000 12:32:02 PM

euro 2004 in portugal

Hey Liz,
Thanks for letting me use the phone.  A real life-saver.

My brother had a Nokia world phone on the trip and it seemed to work 
better.   It got reception some places where mine did not and is more 
user-friendly.

On a different topic...Greg talked me into upgrading to first class for a 
flight in December to Australia.  He talked me into it by agreeing to pay for 
half.   Cliff found it funny and agreed to pay for the other half.  I haven't 
expensed it yet so I'm having Barbara send it on.    
Thanks,
John

Liz M Taylor
06/28/2000 09:27 AM
John,

We are testing the Nextel phone for company usage.  What did you think of the 
phone?

Liz

Steve List <slist@Campbell.com> on 06/26/2000 12:32:02 PM

Thank you very,very much.  
Love you,
John

Liz M Taylor
06/15/2000 10:19 AM
Ina,

Because Johnny is my favorite trader, he can use my world phone.  What time 
is he leaving tomorrow?  How long will he be gone?  I'll get everything to 
you late this afternoon.  

Many Thanks,

Liz

Ina Rangel
06/15/2000 09:41 AM
I NEED YOUR HELP IF AT ALL POSSIBLE.  JOHN ARNOLD IS TRAVELING TO EUROPE 
TOMMORROW AND HAS ASKED ME TO GET HIM A WORLD PHONE.  I CALLED NEXTEL, 
HOUSTON CELLULAR AND GTE. NOONE CAN HELP ME WITH THIS BY TOMMORROW.  IF I 
REMEMBER YOU SAID YOU TURNED OFF THE PHONES YOU HAD.  DO YOU HAVE ANY 
SUGGESTIONS? ANY ADVICE?

-INA

adams bot 1/2 6365

84

michael.byrne@americas.bnpparibas.com on 06/14/2000 07:02:32 AM
Good Morning,

Just a reminder to get your AGA estimates in by Noon EST (11:00 CST) TODAY.

Last Year      +63

Thanks,
Michael Byrne
Paribas Futures

Ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en aucun cas un
engagement de la part de BNP PARIBAS sous reserve de tout accord conclu par
ecrit entre vous et BNP PARIBAS. Toute publication, utilisation ou
diffusion, meme partielle, doit etre autorisee prealablement. Si vous
n'etes pas destinataire de ce message, merci d'en avertir immediatement
l'expediteur.

Vlady:  
Can I  add 3 more portfolios:

1.     +1000 July 2003 Chicago Basis 
        - 1000 July 2003 Panhandle Basis

2.     +1000 June Henry Hub Cash

3.      +1000 June Henry Hub Cash
         - 1000 July Futures

Thanks,
John  

John,

2. Do you assume at-the-money straddles? If not, please give us deltas and 
gammas. See you at 5:30 tomorrow. Vlady.

John Arnold
06/12/2000 08:47 AM
Vlady:
In preparation for our discussion tomorrow, can you run VAR numbers for some 
mini-portfolios:

Portfolio 1.   +1000 November Nymex
                -1000 December Nymex

 2.     -1000 July Nymex Straddles

 3.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex

 4.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex
         - 1000 August 2002 Nymex

 5.     +1000 July Socal Basis

 6.     +1000 July Chicago Basis
          -1000 July Michcon Basis

 7.     +1000 July Henry Hub Index

 8.     +1000 July 2003 Chicago Basis

Again, these are separate portfolios.  I'm trying to check that the VAR 
numbers make logical sense.  
Thanks,
John     

yes

John,

2. Do you assume at-the-money straddles? If not, please give us deltas and 
gammas. See you at 5:30 tomorrow. Vlady.

John Arnold
06/12/2000 08:47 AM
Vlady:
In preparation for our discussion tomorrow, can you run VAR numbers for some 
mini-portfolios:

Portfolio 1.   +1000 November Nymex
                -1000 December Nymex

 2.     -1000 July Nymex Straddles

 3.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex

 4.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex
         - 1000 August 2002 Nymex

 5.     +1000 July Socal Basis

 6.     +1000 July Chicago Basis
          -1000 July Michcon Basis

 7.     +1000 July Henry Hub Index

 8.     +1000 July 2003 Chicago Basis

Again, these are separate portfolios.  I'm trying to check that the VAR 
numbers make logical sense.  
Thanks,
John     

Vlady:
In preparation for our discussion tomorrow, can you run VAR numbers for some 
mini-portfolios:

Portfolio 1.   +1000 November Nymex
                -1000 December Nymex

 2.     -1000 July Nymex Straddles

 3.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex

 4.     +1000 July 2002 Nymex
         - 1000 August 2002 Nymex

 5.     +1000 July Socal Basis

 6.     +1000 July Chicago Basis
          -1000 July Michcon Basis

 7.     +1000 July Henry Hub Index

 8.     +1000 July 2003 Chicago Basis

Again, these are separate portfolios.  I'm trying to check that the VAR 
numbers make logical sense.  
Thanks,
John     

Tickets requisitioned for England/Germany.  $1500!!!!!!

Tanya Tamarchenko
06/07/2000 08:33 AM
Hi, John,
following up the discussion with you on Friday we talked with Risk Control 
people who are not excited to use that FF vol curve
you sent to me. Also in order to use your curves we would have to have them 
for all the locations.
The suggested alternative solution was to calculate the Forward Forward vol 
curves from historical data.
I implemented this solution based on 18 last business days forward price 
curves for NG and 
all basis locations. I used exponential weights with 0.97 decay factor.
I enclose these curves in the spreadsheet below. And here are the VAR numbers 
based on these curves:

     5/30/00  5/31/00
AGG-STORAGE (production) 3,027,000  4,516,000
AGG-STORAGE (test, 0.97)  2,858,543  3,011,761
AGG-GAS        (production) 36,627,200  40,725,685
AGG-GAS       (test, 0.97)  29,439,969  31,207,225

You see that the numbers are stable, lower than the official numbers. 
I suggest that we use 0.94 decay factor as recommended by Risk Metrics which 
would give more weight to recent data.
We need to test this approach for a period of time and also to collect 
backtesting data for an educated choice of decay factor.

Tanya.

John Arnold
06/07/2000 07:40 AM
Tanya:
On Friday I emailed a new vol curve to use for VAR testing.  I was under the 
impression that you could apply this vol curve to the price book and storage 
book and have a new experimental VAR number by Monday. I have not received 
any response.  Please reply with status of this project.
John

Tanya:
On Friday I emailed a new vol curve to use for VAR testing.  I was under the 
impression that you could apply this vol curve to the price book and storage 
book and have a new experimental VAR number by Monday. I have not received 
any response.  Please reply with status of this project.
John

Please use this vol curve for a dry run to figure out var for my book, NG 
price, and Jim's book, Storage, and communicate the results.  Thanks,John

Can we meet at 5:00 today?

Let's meet at 4:00.

Vince J Kaminski
06/01/2000 09:19 AM
John,

We have  been working for the last few days on VaR related issues.
The focus is on Jim Schwieger's  storage book as of 5/25 and 5/26
where we had some counterintuitive results. This book is a good
candidate for a systematic review of the VaR process.

It seems that the problem arises from forward - forward vols used by the VaR 
system. You can see in the attached spreadsheet that the VaR, on a cumulative 
basis,
jumps on Jan 04, when an abnormal FF vol hits a relatively large position.
This FF vol is also much different from the previous day number producing a 
big
jump in VaR.
This row (Jan 04) is in magenta font in the attached spreadsheet. Please, look
at column D.

The abnormal FF vol may result from one of the two factors:

 a. a bug in the code. We are working with the person in IT who wrote the
                     code to review it.

 b. a poorly conditioned forward vol curve ( a kink or discontinuity in
                    the fwd vol curve will do it). One solution I can 
propose, is to develop for
                    the traders a fwd-fwd vol generator  allowing them to 
review the fwd vol curve
                    before it is posted. If it produces a weird fwd-fwd vol,  
it can be smoothed.

Can you meet at 4 p.m. to review our findings?

Vince

Hey:
Hope you're enjoying the Holidays.   I don't have your cell phone #, so call 
me if you get bored this week.  Sorry I didn't return your call Monday.  I'll 
be in the Big D.  You can reach me on my cell or, better yet, at 972 934 3440.
Adios amigos:
John

Dear Member,
As requested we have cancelled your portfolio tracker emails.

 If there is any other way we can assist you, please feel free to let us know.
For rapid response to your e-mail questions, please incluce a brief 
description
of the problem in the subject line of your message.

Sincerely,
Customer Support
Stephen L.

Please do not send these emails anymore.  I am not Jennifer Arnold

Portfolio Tracker <ptracker@moneynet.com> on 05/29/2000 05:52:42 PM

Please respond to websupport@moneynet.com

*********************************************************
IMPORTANT MESSAGE FOR ALL INFOSEEK PORTFOLIO TRACKER USER'S

The Infoseek Portfolio Tracker service provided by Reuters Investor is no
longer accessible directly from the Infoseek Personal Finance page.  However,
your Portfolio and all associated financial content will continue to be
accessible by going directly to the following web site address (URL):

http://www.moneynet.com/content/infoseek/PTracker/

By entering this exact URL (case sensitive) in your browser software location
box and hitting return, you will be able to access your Portfolio as before.
We suggest you then bookmark this page for future access to your Portfolio.
The Portfolio service will continue to be available to you in the future,
although you may notice changes in the page format in the next several weeks.
Thank you for your patience, and we're glad to be able to support your
financial content needs.
*********************************************************

Portfolio: Invest

Stocks:
Symbol   Description            Last    Change    Volume     Date    Time
=========================================================================
AFL      AFLAC INC            50 7/8      +5/8    453700 05/26/2000 16:20
BMCS     BMC SOFTWARE        42 1/16     +9/16   1.1978M 05/26/2000 16:01
ENE      ENRON CORP         69 15/16    +15/16   1.4117M 05/26/2000 16:11
PCTL     PICTURETEL CP        2.9375    -0.125    328900 05/26/2000 15:59
WCOM     WORLDCOM INC        37 3/16     -7/16  13.0533M 05/26/2000 16:01

NEWS for Portfolio: Invest

--- ENE ---
05/29/2000 12:12 UPDATE 3-Spanish market braces for new bids for Cantabrico
--- WCOM ---
05/29/2000 13:18 WorldCom and Sprint face EU merger hearing
05/29/2000 02:34 RPT-France Tel to unveil $46 bln Orange buy on Tuesday
05/29/2000 00:31 RESEARCH ALERT-Phillip keeps Shin Sat<SATT.BK> buy

****************************************
Market Update
=================================================
All stock quotes are delayed at least 20 minutes.
=================================================

If you have questions, comments, or problems with your Portfolio Tracker
E-mail, send E-mail to websupport@moneynet.com.

Stupid taxes

Bill White@ENRON
05/30/2000 04:52 PM
Remember we were trying to figure out the difference in return between tax 
free investment growth and annually-taxed investment growth?  Turns out that 
it is different, but over 5 years and a 10% growth rate, it doesn't amount to 
much more than the cost of our beer tab.  See attached.

Portfolio Tracker <ptracker@moneynet.com> on 05/30/2000 05:53:59 PM
Please respond to websupport@moneynet.com
*********************************************************
IMPORTANT MESSAGE FOR ALL INFOSEEK PORTFOLIO TRACKER USER'S

The Infoseek Portfolio Tracker service provided by Reuters Investor is no
longer accessible directly from the Infoseek Personal Finance page.  However,
your Portfolio and all associated financial content will continue to be
accessible by going directly to the following web site address (URL):

http://www.moneynet.com/content/infoseek/PTracker/

By entering this exact URL (case sensitive) in your browser software location
box and hitting return, you will be able to access your Portfolio as before.
We suggest you then bookmark this page for future access to your Portfolio.
The Portfolio service will continue to be available to you in the future,
although you may notice changes in the page format in the next several weeks.
Thank you for your patience, and we're glad to be able to support your
financial content needs.
*********************************************************

Portfolio: Invest

Stocks:
Symbol   Description            Last    Change    Volume     Date    Time
=========================================================================
AFL      AFLAC INC            51 3/8      +1/2    682700 05/30/2000 16:02
BMCS     BMC SOFTWARE        44 3/16    +2 1/8   1.9504M 05/30/2000 16:01
ENE      ENRON CORP           69 7/8     +1/16   1.2943M 05/30/2000 16:02
PCTL     PICTURETEL CP        2.9375         0    255800 05/30/2000 15:59
WCOM     WORLDCOM INC        38 1/16      +7/8  22.2777M 05/30/2000 16:01

NEWS for Portfolio: Invest

--- ENE ---
05/30/2000 10:27 Enron and Prudential Sign Long-Term Energy Management 
Agreemen
--- WCOM ---
05/30/2000 17:49 CORRECTED - Nasdaq rises on optimism over interest rates -2-
05/30/2000 15:11 KLLM investor gets 2% of shrs, extends tender offer
05/30/2000 15:09 WorldCom/Sprint say EU should clear merger
05/30/2000 13:20 UPDATE 1-INTERVIEW-Swisscom-still time to find partners
05/30/2000 10:42 UPDATE 2-BT told to offer wholesale unmetered Internet access

****************************************
Market Update
=================================================
All stock quotes are delayed at least 20 minutes.
=================================================

If you have questions, comments, or problems with your Portfolio Tracker
E-mail, send E-mail to websupport@moneynet.com.

Please do not send these emails anymore.  I am not Jennifer Arnold

Portfolio Tracker <ptracker@moneynet.com> on 05/29/2000 05:52:42 PM
Please respond to websupport@moneynet.com
*********************************************************
IMPORTANT MESSAGE FOR ALL INFOSEEK PORTFOLIO TRACKER USER'S

The Infoseek Portfolio Tracker service provided by Reuters Investor is no
longer accessible directly from the Infoseek Personal Finance page.  However,
your Portfolio and all associated financial content will continue to be
accessible by going directly to the following web site address (URL):

http://www.moneynet.com/content/infoseek/PTracker/

By entering this exact URL (case sensitive) in your browser software location
box and hitting return, you will be able to access your Portfolio as before.
We suggest you then bookmark this page for future access to your Portfolio.
The Portfolio service will continue to be available to you in the future,
although you may notice changes in the page format in the next several weeks.
Thank you for your patience, and we're glad to be able to support your
financial content needs.
*********************************************************

Portfolio: Invest

Stocks:
Symbol   Description            Last    Change    Volume     Date    Time
=========================================================================
AFL      AFLAC INC            50 7/8      +5/8    453700 05/26/2000 16:20
BMCS     BMC SOFTWARE        42 1/16     +9/16   1.1978M 05/26/2000 16:01
ENE      ENRON CORP         69 15/16    +15/16   1.4117M 05/26/2000 16:11
PCTL     PICTURETEL CP        2.9375    -0.125    328900 05/26/2000 15:59
WCOM     WORLDCOM INC        37 3/16     -7/16  13.0533M 05/26/2000 16:01

NEWS for Portfolio: Invest

--- ENE ---
05/29/2000 12:12 UPDATE 3-Spanish market braces for new bids for Cantabrico
--- WCOM ---
05/29/2000 13:18 WorldCom and Sprint face EU merger hearing
05/29/2000 02:34 RPT-France Tel to unveil $46 bln Orange buy on Tuesday
05/29/2000 00:31 RESEARCH ALERT-Phillip keeps Shin Sat<SATT.BK> buy

****************************************
Market Update
=================================================
All stock quotes are delayed at least 20 minutes.
=================================================

If you have questions, comments, or problems with your Portfolio Tracker
E-mail, send E-mail to websupport@moneynet.com.

Kevin:
Come by Tuesday between 5:00-5:30 if you still want to see the new 
spreadsheet.  However, it may be more valuable to talk to Dutch Quigley, who 
runs my risk, as he built the system and understands the vertical integration 
better.
John

Please take me off your mailing list

John Arnold
05/22/2000 04:23 PM
Doug:
To confirm the pricing of the LNG dela::

I can show a $3.01 bid for the Nymex portion of 160,000 mmbtu/day for the 
time period Jan 2003-Dec 2014.  The bid on Henry Hub basis for same time 
period is -$.0025 resulting in fix price of $3.0075; the bid on Sonat basis 
is -$.0175 translating into a bid of $2.9925.

Notional volume = 70,128 contracts.
PV volume = 37,658 contracts.
Exposure per $.01 move = $3,760,000

John

Doug:
To confirm the pricing of the LNG dela::

I can show a $3.01 bid for the Nymex portion of 160,000 mmbtu/day for the 
time period Jan 2003-Dec 2014.  The bid on Henry Hub basis for same time 
period is -$.0025 resulting in fix price of $3.0075; the bid on Sonat basis 
is -$.0175 translating into a bid of $2.9925.

Notional volume = 70,128 contracts.
PV volume = 37,658 contracts.
Exposure per $.01 move = $3,760,000

John

Hey, I just got your email.
Call anytime after 4:00.
Obviously, I don't read my email very often

Please stop sending emails to jennifer_arnold to the following email address: 
jarnold@enron.com. 
You have the wrong person

eat shit

John J Lavorato@ENRON
11/18/2000 01:01 PM
Football bets 200 each

Minn -9.5
Buff +2.5
Phil -7
Indi -4.5
Cinnci +7
Det +6
clev +16
Den +9.5
Dall +7.5
Jack +3.5

Jeff:
Sorry for my cryptic answer in regards to the LNG deal on Friday; I was a bit 
confused by the question. 
In terms of the gas pricing, this is a deal that should be done.  Market 
conditions are very conducive to hedging a fair amount of the gas.  
Obviously, a deal this size would require Enron to wear a considerable amount 
of the risk in the short term, but the risk-reward of the position looks very 
favorable.
I am certainly willing to sign off on this deal around the $3.00 level.
John

Andy:
The problem if we limit the size on options to being what size is offered on 
the swap hedge, we will not be able to offer adequate size on the options.  
Optimally, I think we want to offer a minimum size of 100 across all 
strikes.  If the swap is 4/4.5, one a day up, and someone buys half a day, 
making the market, 4/4.5 one a day by half a day, the size offered on a 10 
cent out of the money call might be as low as 30 contracts, a much smaller 
size than most people want to trade.  If we restrict to strikes with a lower 
delta, we face the problem of not offering enough strikes and not making a 
market in options that have open EOL interest that have moved closer to the 
money.  
Maybe the answer is to assume the swap hedge to be a penny wide two way 
wrapped around the EOL swap mid market.  Thus if the front swap on EOL is 
4/4.5 one a day by half a day,  the input into the option calculator is 
3.75/4.75, 100 up.  In this case I think 100 is necessary because once a 
strike has open interest, we must continue to support it.  Thus I anticipate 
having to make markets in deep itm options as the market moves.

In terms of straddle strikes, I think the edge received from buying straddles 
struck on the EOL offer and vice-versa is not big enough to compensate for 
what I think the industry will view as a scam and another way Enron is trying 
to rip people off.  Although striking on the mid-market is probably easier 
for the trader, I actually think striking in five cent increments makes more 
sense.  It allows people to trade out of the position on EOL.  Whereas if 
someone buys the 3085 straddle and the market moves to 3200, they have to 
call ENE to close the trade.  If the trade is struck at 3100, we will have a 
market on both the 3100 call and put at all times.  Secondly, I would 
anticipate non-volatility driven option traders may elect to sell either just 
the put or call in this scenario depending on their view of market direction.

Andy:
Just a couple of quick items that need to be addressed.  First, what happens 
if the delta of the option is greater than the size of the hedge offered on 
EOL?  Second, what strike are straddles traded at.  Are they set at the 
nearest 5 cent interval or are they mid-market of the EOL quote?

Thanks for taking me in last night.  Sorry about being drunk and stinky.  
My cab, that we called at 6:10, showed up at 7:02.  I was so pissed.  

Dutch:
The increase in position and subsequent position limit violation was due to 
two factors.  First, a long position was moved into the long-term exotics 
book due to the nature of the position.  I am currently using the ltx to hold 
longer-term strategic positions.  The large increase in position is a 
reflection of my view of the market. 
Second, a large customer transaction originated by Fred Lagrasta's group was 
transacted at the end of the day Monday and was not able to be hedged until 
this morning.  Hence a large position increase occurred for yesterday's 
position and a corresponding decrease occurred today.
John

	
	                           
	

John,

Several months ago we talked about the development of an option analysis tool 
that could be used to stress test positions under various scenarios as a 
supplement to our V@R analysis.  We have recently completed the project and 
would like to solicit your feedback on the report results.

We have selected your NG price position for April 4, 2000 (POST-ID  753650) 
for the initial analysis.  Attached in the excel file below you will find:

Analysis across the various forward months in your position 

Underlying vs. Greeks, theoretical P&L 
Volatility vs. Greeks, theoretical P&L
Time change vs. Greeks, theoretical P&L

Summary of your Overall Position analysis

Underlying vs. Greeks, theoretical P&L 
Volatility vs. Greeks, theoretical P&L
Time change vs. Greeks, theoretical P&L

Multiple Stress Analysis

The attached Word document demonstrates the multiple stress choices.  I have 
included a tab in the excel file that demonstrates the theoretical P/L 
resulting from shifts in both volatility and underlying price.  

Please note that the percentage changes across the column headers are not in 
absolute terms (for example, if the ATM volatility in a given month is 40% 
and the stress is -10% then the analysis is performed under a volatility 
scenario of 36%)

Thanks,

Rudi

call me if you're in town this weeekend

nope...your loss though

Hey:
Any good set of 4 available for Sunday's game

are you sure...have you ever been to bon coupe before
don't knock it till tou try it

i assume means carrying equity positions, which of course the line would not 
be used for.
john

Sarah Wesner@ENRON
11/20/2000 12:47 PM
John - the FIMAT loan agreeemnt will prohibit ENE from using loan proceeds as 
follows:
No part of the proceeds of any Advance hereunder will be used for 
"purchasing" or "carrying" any "margin stock" within the respective meanings 
of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System as now and from time to time hereafter in effect.

Do you know whether you engage in purchasing or carrying margin stock?  I 
will check with legal as well.  

Sarah

2 options:
Either we leave from work and you watch me get a haircut for 20 minutes or...
I pick you up around 6:30...

Hello...
Despite my thoughts, you like baseball.   So the question is do you like art  
(as in musuems)  ?
I'm leaning towards yes but don't know for sure.

Please approve Larry May for a trader id on EOL for "pipe options" book for 
US gas.
Thanks,
John
3-3230

Andy:
This past weekend we released a new version  of the EOL software that, 
unfortunately, had a bug.  The effect was to lengthen the time delay between 
numbers changing and when they would show up on the internet to an 
unacceptable level that increased the number of failed trades.  We made the 
decision to take some of the more volatile products temporarily offline until 
the fix could be made.  I do not anticipate this to be a concern going 
forward.  Thanks for the feedback.
John Arnold

Please approve.

Larry May@ENRON
04/04/2000 10:10 AM
John, could you forward this message with your approval to   Enron IT 
Purchasing.

Would you please order a new computer for :

Larry May
Company # 413
rc# 0235
Location 3221c

As discussed with Hank Zhang,  I would like to order a SP700 with 512 mbytes 
RAM

Thnks

Larry May
3 6731

i am free to talk this afternoon if you want

call me when you get this

I am changing the way the curve is generated starting in Jan 2004 to better 
replicate seasonal fundamentals.  There are convincing arguments as to why 
the summer/winter spreads should tighten over time.  However, in the previous 
methodology they blew out.  For instance summer/winter in Cal 3 was .232 
while Cal 10 was .256.  
I have added a seasonality dampening function that both contracts the 
summer/winter spread and applies a premium to the electric load demand months 
of July and August over time.

The formula for the curve remains the same except for a premium lookup for 
the month as well as for the year.  These premiums are as follows:

Jan  -.008
Feb -.004
Mar -.001
Apr .002
May .003
Jun .004
Jul .004
Aug .004
Sep .003
Oct .002
Nov -.003
Dec -.006

These premiums start in Jan 2004
On Wednesday Jan 2003 settled 2.959,  the 3/4 spread was marked at .0375, the 
4/5 spread was marked at .0475.  
In the old methodology
Jan 2003  = 2.959
Jan 2004  = 2.959 + .0375 = 2.9965
Jan 2005  =          2.9965 + .0475 = 3.044

In the new methodology
Jan 2003  = 2.959
Jan 2004  = 2.959 + .0375 - .008 =2.9885
Jan 2005  = 2.9885 + .0475 -.008 = 3.028

The only change in the formula is from:
Month x = Month (x- 1 year) + lookup on year on year table
to
Month x = Month (x- 1 year) + lookup on year on year table + lookup on month 
premium table

The seasonality premiums will change over time and I will let you know when I 
change them

I am free at 3:30 on Thursday at my desk.

sounds good

Hey:
Haven't had the best of months.  Like you had some good positions but others 
wiped out everything.  Unbelievable how the whole curve moves as one for 6 
months and then separates completely.  The z/f/g and f/g/h flies are 
amazing.  Something definitely out of whack.  Hard to believe cash in Z will 
be cantango to F and front spread, F/G, will be 40.  Spreads definitely 
implying we will see some $10+ prints on daily cash at the hub this winter.  
Hell, already seeing it in the West.  The system is just broken there.  
interesting to see if it is a sign of what can come in the east later.  
definitely more flexibility in the east so the blowouts won't occur until 
latter part of the winter.   the inelasticity of demand continues to be 
unbelievable.  who would have thunk it.   Gas can be 3 times what it was one 
year ago and not a significant loss of demand.   
market definitely trained to buy the dips at this point.  continues to be a 
very trending market.  most days finish on the intraday high or low.  
Pira told the boys to hedge jv and cal 2 and the impact has been 
significant.  i quote bids on term strips 5 times a day.   understand they 
are changing their view somewhat tomorrow.  wait and see if it relieves some 
back pressure.  very surprised at lack of spec long interest in jv at 4.5 
considering the scenario that's being painted.   

slafontaine@globalp.com on 11/21/2000 01:06:40 PM
johnny, hope things re treating you well. this month has been frustrating for
me-generally caught many mkt moves but had 2 postions that nearly cancelled 
all
the rest. im finding it really really hard to assess risk now in oil and gas
therefore im taking a step back esp in front of holidays and year end. was 
long
mar gas vs backs which worked great but i took profits waayyy too early
  flat px i think is pretty clear-if weather stays normal to below we keep a
flaoor at 5.80-6.00 bucks for another 40 days at least. if we have sustained
aboves we drop like a rock in part due to back en d pressure.

   but spreads-what the hell do we do with em?????????? was just saying to 
mark
silverman there is a huge opportunity here staring us in the face but i hve no
idea what it is-i have equal arguements for why sprds shud fall or move out. 
any
great insites? hope all is well and enjoy the long weeknd-we both deserve it.
   guess the curve will stop blowing out when/if we see the back end selling 
dry
up??

My brother was coming back from London to go so I went out and paid a fortune 
from a scalper for two....

I really do appreciate it though..

club seats extra wide extra leg room  extra waitresses  

sec 222  row 2

I'm in.

John Arnold
03/27/2000 08:54 AM
lyle lovett national anthem  
nolan ryan first pitch
dwight gooden first real pitch

7:00 game  
can you let me know tomorrow??

lyle lovett national anthem  
nolan ryan first pitch
dwight gooden first real pitch

Hello:
I just wanted to arrange to meet for the Astros tickets.
I work and live downtown.  
My cell phone number is 713-557-3330.  
Thanks,
John

i just had the whole it staff up here.

I just got two good tickets to Thursday's Astros/Yankees game

hey:
when are you back in town??

Hey :
Just wanted to see if you're doing anything tonight...
Any interest in getting dinner?
John

Hello:
It is the Blue Men Group.  Two friends highly recommend it.  It's in the 
Astor Theatre on Lafayette in the Village.
43rd should be good.  I think you woul dhave had more flavor in Harlem though

I've been tasked with getting tickets to a show.  Was it 'Blue Men Group'
that you recommended we see?  And Michelle lives on W43rd, so it's not
as bad as you thought.

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

Please grant Steven Vu execution privileges on EOL
John Arnold

Pleas approve Tricia's request to become an authorized EOL trader

ok

maine impossible to get to ..    next idea?

maine impossible to get to...next option?

mark:
what are your thoughts on crude and gasoline?

Latest natural report
 - ng051301.doc

most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's
psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still
short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this
week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats
indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will
get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for
good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people
want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like
it did when we were trying to break $5.

most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's
psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still
short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this
week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats
indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will
get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for
good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people
want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like
it did when we were trying to break $5.

yea

nevermind.  are you at work?

huh?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

No english?  i got the math.

                                                   probability   *
payout    =
1 heads                                            .5        0    = 0
   tails       2 heads                                  .25       1
= .25
              tails      3 heads                        .125           2
= .25
                       tails       4 heads              .0625          4
= .25
                                 tails        5 heads   .03125         8
= .25

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

which game is that?

Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 *
8+....
                   = 0        +.25       +.25      +.25      +.25      +...
                   = infinity

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's
psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still
short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this
week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats
indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will
get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for
good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people
want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like
it did when we were trying to break $5.

and they say it was purely coincidental the announcement came today.

6 is fine.  

Hmmm... interesting news at Enron today.  Should I plan to come to your
place around 6PM?

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

I'm always here so just coordinate with my assistant, Ina Rangle.   Thanks,
John

Kathie Grabstald
11/20/2000 02:32 PM
Good Afternoon, John!

Thanks for agreeing to be one of the Profile articles in the next issue of 
the ENSIDE.  Michelle Vitrella assured me that you would be an interesting 
topic!  Our newsletter is set for publication in February and I am setting my 
interview schedule now.  I would love to sit down and visit with you for 
about 30 minutes in the early part of December.  Please let me know a day and 
time that is convenient for you.

I look forward to hearing from you!
Kathie Grabstald
ENA Public Relations
x 3-9610

huh?

No english?  i got the math.

                                                   probability   *
payout    =
1 heads                                            .5        0    = 0
   tails       2 heads                                  .25       1
= .25
              tails      3 heads                        .125           2
= .25
                       tails       4 heads              .0625          4
= .25
                                 tails        5 heads   .03125         8
= .25

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

which game is that?

Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 *
8+....
                   = 0        +.25       +.25      +.25      +.25      +...
                   = infinity

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's psychological 
$4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still short.  next 
sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this week with 
williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats indicative of 
the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will get more common 
here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for good (except maybe 
in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people want to cover some 
shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like it did when we were 
trying to break $5.

don't make me type the math on the computer pooks

What's your defense for you bid 0 for the company?  Why was the info
assymetry at 100%???
have you taken any finance courses yet? what's good?

          probability   * payout =
1 heads         .5  0 = 0
   tails  2 heads        .25  1  = .25
      tails  3 heads     .125  2 = .25 
       tails  4 heads   .0625  4 = .25 
         tails  5 heads .03125  8 = .25

which game is that?

Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 *
8+....
                   = 0        +.25       +.25      +.25      +.25      +...
                   = infinity

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

i think it's 100

fill in
$ ____2_ per/share

fill in
$ _____ per/share

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

what's my bid for what??
ps
don't no crap me.

no crap, what's your bid?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

break even on info ass-symetry is 100%, any project above that level is
profitable to Pooks&Co.

For extra credit....
If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more,
does your answer change?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

will you do all of my homework?

i'll pay a grand total of 0

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

 Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.

Acquiring a Company

     In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.

     The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.

     Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.

     As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?

     $______ per/share

Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 * 8+....
       = 0       +.25  +.25 +.25 +.25  +...
       = infinity

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

i think its a jv with the trading side mostly staffed by goldman folks

so, its a goldman co, but it also controls Duquesne and BGE?

yes

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

is constellation energy a goldman company?

me thinks you missed a 9

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

1.99999999999999999999999999999999999

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

no

wait, of course i am.  i always am.

me thinks you missed a 9

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

1.99999999999999999999999999999999999

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

yes

is constellation energy a goldman company?

me thinks you missed a 9

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

1.99999999999999999999999999999999999

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

are you prepared to defend your answer?

and your offer?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

1.99999999999999999999999999999999999

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

isn't market making on electronic systems fun???

ksmalek@aep.com on 11/20/2000 01:17:35 PM
I cant go take a pee w/o you sneaking up on me on ICE, ICE BABY.

me thinks you missed a 9

1.99999999999999999999999999999999999

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

have you taken any finance courses yet? what's good?

fill in
$ _____ per/share

what's my bid for what??
ps
don't no crap me.

no crap, what's your bid?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

break even on info ass-symetry is 100%, any project above that level is
profitable to Pooks&Co.

For extra credit....
If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more,
does your answer change?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

will you do all of my homework?

i'll pay a grand total of 0

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

 Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.

Acquiring a Company

     In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.

     The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.

     Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.

     As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?

     $______ per/share

and your offer?

1.99999999999999999999999999999999999

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you 
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with 
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your 
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's you 
bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?  what 
you charge me play against you?)

no crap, what's your bid?

break even on info ass-symetry is 100%, any project above that level is
profitable to Pooks&Co.

For extra credit....
If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more,
does your answer change?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

will you do all of my homework?

i'll pay a grand total of 0

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

 Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.

Acquiring a Company

     In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.

     The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.

     Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.

     As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?

     $______ per/share

i need significant lead time to prepare for boots day.  please advise earlier 
next time.

I'll be here until tomorrow afternoon, then off to Waco to see my mom.  I 
just got back to my desk after being in meetings all day.  Who knows how long 
I'll be here tonight and I have a shit load of work to do tomorrow.  Why do I 
work here again?

What's up with you?  I bought some guest to your floor today but you weren't 
around.  And I have on boots with curly hair.

Take care, MSA

Oh, let's chat about Guggenheim next week.  Are you going on the 17th too?

	John Arnold@ECT
	05/11/2001 11:58 AM
		 
you in town this weekend?

Kim:
I will not be at the may 18 management mtg as I will be in NY on business.

Appreciate the offer but I won't be able to get out of work,

do you or any one of your colleagues at the mighty Enron want to join us at
our annual golf outing in Myrtle Beach.  You pay the air, we've got the
rest.
Only 4 rules:
 no cologne
 no top button buttoned on the golf shirt
 not permitted to break 100
 no cameras
reminder:
 Friday June 1  2 rounds
 Saturday, June 2 1 round/poolside
 Sunday, June 3  1 round

Enron has an open invite.  Please let me know. 

best GUESS P&L tonight is +7

For extra credit.... 
If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more, 
does your answer change?

will you do all of my homework?

i'll pay a grand total of 0

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

 Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.

Acquiring a Company

     In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.

     The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.

     Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.

     As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?

     $______ per/share

you dont like my ideas

i'll call

pookie:
check this out:
www.sailmainecoast.com/index.html

you in town this weekend?

Phillip, Scott, Hunter, Tom and John -

Just to reiterate the new trading guidelines on PG&E Energy Trading:

1.  Both financial and physical trading are approved, with a maximum tenor of 
18 months

2.  Approved entities are: PG&E Energy Trading - Gas Corporation
    PG&E Energy Trading - Canada Corporation
         
    NO OTHER PG&E ENTITIES ARE APPROVED FOR TRADING
     
3.  Both EOL and OTC transactions are OK

4.  Please call Credit (ext. 31803) with details on every OTC transaction.  
We need to track all new positions with PG&E Energy Trading on an ongoing 
basis.  Please ask the traders and originators on your desks to notify us 
with the details on any new transactions immediately upon execution.  For 
large transactions (greater than 2 contracts/day or 5 BCF total), please call 
for approval before transacting.

Thanks for your assistance; please call me (ext. 53923) or Russell Diamond 
(ext. 57095) if you have any questions.

Jay

yes

Ina Rangel
05/10/2001 05:47 PM
John,

Do you think we need to see about sending an IT Tech for you and Maggi on 
Friday to make sure everything is working okay?   If we do, we would have to 
pay for their travel expenses.

It would be beneficial to you instead of having to be on the phone with IT 
for any problems.

Let me know.

-Ina

i'll pay a grand total of 0

 Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.

Acquiring a Company

 In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company A,
and so on.

 The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.

 Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.

 As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?

 $______ per/share

newport??

i'll call

pookie:
check this out:
www.sailmainecoast.com/index.html

199.99+ $18 o/n shipping = 217.99

Visa 4128 0033 2341 1978 exp 8/02

shipping and billing address : 
John Arnold
909 Texas Ave #1812
Houston, TX 77002
713-557-3330

Ticketwarehouse@aol.com on 05/10/2001 01:20:57 AM
Pay Patrick Kenne, ticketwarehouse@aol.com, at paypal.com or bidpay.com, bid 
plus $12 for Fed-Ex Saver, or $18 for Fed-Ex overnight shipping. Put shipping 
info in note section. If you want Fed-Ex c.o.d., get a money order for bid 
plus $25 to Paula Fowler ready to give to fed-ex and e-mail me your shipping 
address. If you want to use paypal, add 1% to total, they charge me 2.3% 
now!!  If you are sending a money order, send to Patrick Kenne 2879 Timber 
Range Court Columbus, Ohio 43231.  Please include auction # and all shipping 
info.  Thanks, Pat 614-891-9707

Please be advised that the Option Advisory Committee meeting will be at 4:00
eastern time, May 31, 2001.

Matthew Schaefer
New York Mercantile Exchange
212.299.2612

get lost

SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/10/2001 07:50:19 AM
Notice # 01-154
May 7, 2001

TO:
All NYMEX Division Members and Member Firms

FROM:
Neal L. Wolkoff, Executive Vice President

RE:
Implementation of New NYMEX Rule 9.11A ("Give-Up Trades")

DATE:
May 7, 2001
===========================================================
Please be advised that beginning on the trade date of Friday, June 1, 2001,
new NYMEX Rule 9.11A ("Give-Up Trades") will go into effect.

!    In the absence of an applicable give-up agreement, new Rule 9.11A will
define the respective responsibilities/obligations to an order of executing
brokers, customers and Clearing Members.

!    The term "executing broker" as used in Rule 9.11A refers to the
registered billing entity, Member Firm or Floor Broker to whom the order is
transmitted.

!    Rule 9.11 will provide that, in the absence of an applicable give-up
agreement, a Clearing Member may reject a trade only if: (1) the trade
exceeds trading limits established by the Clearing Member for that customer
that have been communicated to the executing broker as provided by the rule
or (2) the trade is an error for which the executing broker is responsible.

!    The new rule also places affirmative obligations on executing brokers
to confirm Clearing Member authorization for an account.  For example,
prior to an executing broker accepting and executing an initial order for
any new customer account, such executing broker must confirm with the
Clearing Member by telephonic, electronic or written means, that:
(a)  the customer has a valid account with the Clearing Member;
(b)  the account number;
(c)  the brokerage rate;
(d)  the customer is authorized by the Clearing Member to place orders with
the executing broker for that account; and
(e)  a listing or summary of persons authorized to place orders for that
account.
Moreover, the executing broker must retain a copy of the authorization or
the specifics of the telephonic confirmation, which includes: opposite
party, date, time, and any other relevant information.  The Compliance
Department will conduct periodic audits of such records, and falsification
of such information shall be the basis for disciplinary action.

If you have any questions concerning this new rule, please contact Bernard
Purta, Senior Vice President, Regulatory Affairs and Operations, at (212)
299- 2380; Thomas LaSala, Vice President, NYMEX Compliance Department, at
(212) 299-2897; or Arthur McCoy, Vice President, Financial Surveillance
Section, NYMEX Compliance Department, at (212) 299-2928,

NEW RULE 9.11A ("Give-Up Trades")

(Entire rule is new.)

Rule 9.11A     Give-Up Trades

In the absence of a give-up agreement whose terms and conditions govern the
responsibilities/obligations of executing brokers, customers and Clearing
Members, the following rules shall define the respective
responsibilities/obligations of those parties to an order.  The "executing
broker", as used in this rule, is the registered billing entity, Member
Firm or Floor Broker to whom the order is transmitted.

(A)    Responsibilities/Obligations of Clearing Members

(1). Limits Placed by Clearing Member.   A Clearing Member may, in its
discretion, place trading limits on the trades it will accept for give-up
for a customer's account from an executing broker, provided however, that
the executing broker receives prior written or electronic notice from the
Clearing Member of the trading limits on that account.  Notice must be
received by the executing broker in a timely manner.  A copy of such notice
shall be retained by the Clearing Member.

(2). Trade Rejection.  A Clearing Member may reject ("DK") a trade only if:
(1) the trade exceeds the trading limits established under Section I(A) of
this rule for that customer and it has been communicated to the executing
broker as described in Subsection (A); or (2) the trade is an error for
which the executing broker is responsible.  If a Clearing Member has a
basis for rejecting a trade, and chooses to do so in accordance with the
provisions of Rule 2.21(B), it must notify the executing broker promptly.

(3). Billing.  A Clearing Member will pay all floor brokerage fees incurred
for all transactions executed by the executing broker for the customer and
subsequently accepted by the Clearing Member by means of the ATOM system.
Floor brokerage fees will be agreed upon in advance among the Clearing
Member, customer and the executing broker.

(B)  Responsibilities/Obligations of Executing Brokers

(1)  Customer Order Placement.  An executing broker will be responsible for
determining that all orders are placed or authorized by the customer.  Once
an order has been accepted, a broker or the broker's clerk must:

(a)  confirm the terms of the order with the customer;
(b)  accurately execute the order according to its terms;
(c)  confirm the execution of the order to the customer as soon as
practicable; and
(d)  transmit such executed order to the Clearing Member as soon as
practicable in accordance with Exchange Rules and procedures.

2.   Use of Other Persons.  Unless otherwise agreed in writing, the
executing broker is allowed to use the services of another broker in
connection with the broker's obligations under these rules.  The executing
broker remains responsible to the customer and Clearing Member under these
rules.

3.    Executing Broker Responsibility for Verifying Clearing Member
Authorization.  Prior to a broker accepting and executing an initial order
for any new customer account, the executing broker must confirm with the
Clearing Member by telephonic, electronic or written means, that:
(f)  the customer has a valid account with the Clearing Member;
(g)  the account number;
(h)  the brokerage rate;
(i)  the customer is authorized by the Clearing Member to place orders with
the executing broker for that account; and
(j)  a listing or summary of persons authorized to place orders for that
account.
The executing broker must retain a copy of the authorization or the
specifics of the telephonic confirmation, which includes: opposite party,
date, time, and any other relevant information.  The falsification of such
information shall be the basis for disciplinary action.

4.   Rejection of Customer Order.  Where an executing broker has confirmed
Clearing Member authorization to execute orders on behalf of a customer in
accordance with this Rule 9.11A, the broker may, in the broker's
discretion, reject an order that the customer transmits to the broker for
execution.  The broker shall promptly notify the customer and the Clearing
Member(s) of any such rejection.

      Carr Futures
      150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
      Chicago, IL 60606  USA
      Tel:  312-368-6149
      Fax:  312-368-2281
      soblander@carrfut.com
      http://www.carrfut.com

Russell:
Just fyi, they're willing to take us for 20 years.
John,
Attached are the volumes associated with the 20 yr Soc Gen deal we talked 
about.  I have yet to hear from credit.  I will let you know the status as it 
becomes available.

Eric

Hi Eric,

Please find below the detailed terms of a possible deal that we have been
talking about during our phone conversation this morning.

Nature of deal : If the transaction takes place, Societe Generale would sell a
financial fixed price swap (flat price, not basis differential) to Enron. The
monthly settlement would be financial. There would not be any  exchange of
physical product.

Period of the deal : June 1st, 2001 to January 31st, 2021.

Used Reference :  Natural Gas-Houston Ship Channel Index Inside FERC , monthly
settlement.

Volumes of the financial swap transaction : Please find below the volumes 
given
month by month in MMBTU.

(See attached file: volumes-10-5-01-for-Enron.xls)

Since there is a tiny chance that the deal trades today, could you please 
check
if you have credit with SG for this period.
If not, could you find out how much time it approximately takes to get the
credit.
In terms of credit, SG is good with Enron for this period.

Thank you,

Alexander Werner

 **************************************************************************
The information contained herein is confidential and is intended solely
for the addressee(s).  It shall not be construed as a recommendation to
buy or sell any security.  Any unauthorized access, use, reproduction,
disclosure or dissemination is prohibited.

Neither SOCIETE GENERALE nor any of its subsidiaries or affiliates
shall assume any legal liability or responsibility for any incorrect,
misleading or altered information contained herein.
 **************************************************************************

 - volumes-10-5-01-for-Enron.xls

i think the velocity of the down move will be much less severe from here.  
still dont think this is equilibrium.  need to see aga coming in lower than 
expectations for a couple weeks signaling that we've moved down the demand 
curve.  think a lot of spec shorts are looking to take profits as we get 
close to the psychological 400 target.  market needs producer selling to get 
us through there.  have seen some as williams is starting to hedge barrett : 
hence the weakness in the back of the curve recently.  still going lower but 
it will be a tougher move from here.

what do you think now?
see you sunday

maybe they're for more sophisticated palates

I pawned them off on my unsuspecting coworker - Phil.  He liked them!!

it's an aquired taste

those things are TERRIBLE!!!!

Hot like wasabi when I bust rhymes
Big like Leann Rimes
Because I'm all about value

it's an aquired taste

those things are TERRIBLE!!!!

i couldnt do it.  it took 13 minutes for my alarm to wake me up.

is there a password or just knowing the address
John, is access to the board on a password basis now? If so, when you get a 
chance could you authorise access for myself and Andew Hill (a colleague in 
crude fundamentals) please? A similar board for crude and products should be 
ready within a couple of weeks. Thanks

Alex

i'm just kidding.  i'm getting a haircut from 530-600.  i'll call you when i 
get out.

I guess that's fair - considering the deal you worked out with Dean.

you i guess.  

so who are the drinks on until I do ? . . . . .

drinks on tickleknees if you do

you're killing me!!!  I WILL close two of the three!!! and I predict that I 
will make $500,000 - on two tiny little gas deals.

maybe we need a closer in that seat

he's a cheapskate - I am just sitting here on the edge of my seat with three 
customers that won't pull the trigger!

how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless 
pay for it.

push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we 
could celebrate!

wanna get sauced after work?

you i guess.  

so who are the drinks on until I do ? . . . . .

drinks on tickleknees if you do

you're killing me!!!  I WILL close two of the three!!! and I predict that I 
will make $500,000 - on two tiny little gas deals.

maybe we need a closer in that seat

he's a cheapskate - I am just sitting here on the edge of my seat with three 
customers that won't pull the trigger!

how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless 
pay for it.

push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we 
could celebrate!

wanna get sauced after work?

Here are the trades executed on ACCESS last night:

S   50   Z     5350
S   50 Z    5335

B   9   Z   5330
B   2   Z   5320
B   4   Z   5322
B   6   Z   5323
B   5   Z   5345
B   10  Z   5355
B   3   Z   5355
B   5   Z   5358

B   100   Z   5323
S   100   F   5369

Joseph Mancino
E.D. & F. Man International
(212)566-9700

drinks on tickleknees if you do

you're killing me!!!  I WILL close two of the three!!! and I predict that I 
will make $500,000 - on two tiny little gas deals.

maybe we need a closer in that seat

he's a cheapskate - I am just sitting here on the edge of my seat with three 
customers that won't pull the trigger!

how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless 
pay for it.

push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we 
could celebrate!

wanna get sauced after work?

maybe we need a closer in that seat

he's a cheapskate - I am just sitting here on the edge of my seat with three 
customers that won't pull the trigger!

how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless 
pay for it.

push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we 
could celebrate!

wanna get sauced after work?

how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless 
pay for it.

push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we 
could celebrate!

wanna get sauced after work?

is that with or without two snoozes?

and get up at 5:07 a.m.?

wanna get sauced after work?

wanna get sauced after work?

Jennifer:
I don't think we have much interest in doing this interview since it 
primarily pertains to our views of the market.  I would speak in such 
generalities that it probably wouldn't be a good interview.
John

Jennifer Walker@ENRON
05/07/2001 08:57 AM
John:
Kevin Foster with Risk Magazine is working on an article for the June issue 
regarding Gas Markets in the U.S. Basically, he is interested in Enron's 
opinion of:

1. Physical Supply/Demand of gas and how this is affecting financial trades
2. Where do we anticipate gas prices going over the summer?
3. The state of the industry--any major issues that may affect the market?

If this sounds like a story we would be interested in doing, please let me 
know and I will coordinate a short phone interview with Kevin Foster. I know 
it usually works best for your schedule to do this after 4pm, so please let 
me know if Tuesday after 4 would be good for you. 

Thanks for your help and please call me with any questions. 

Jennifer Walker
Public Relations
x3-9964
 

that night i had so  much brain damage i couldnt function.

as opposed to ????

was a great time-sat at bo collins dinner table spoke briefly. by that nite
i had so  much brain damage i couldnt function.

your guys are probably seeing this as well, but, 50 cents higher our
customer biz was 95/5 from buy side.  now it's 50/50.  can almost smell
blood among the producers.  only problem is trade is sooooo short they cant
see straight.  were the market still not so fundamentally overvalued right
now i'd be looking for a 25 cent move up.  just can't see that happening at
this level though.

********************Legal Disclaimer**************************
This email may contain confidential information and is
 only for the use of the intended or named recipient.  It
has been prepared solely for informational purposes
from sources believed to be reliable, and is not a
solicitation, commitment or offer.  All information is
subject to change without notice, and is provided
without warranty as to its completeness or accuracy.  If
 you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any review, dissemination, distribution,
copying or other use of this email and its attachments
(if any) is strictly prohibited and may be a violation of
law.  If you have received this email in error, please
immediately delete this email and all copies of it from
your system (including any attachments), destroy any
hard copies of it, and notify the sender.  Thank you.

i guess i have to keep my 395 price target.  just nothing bullish in the near 
term except crude.  and that's not enough now.  need to get to a new price 
regime to pick up more demand quickly.  

what do you think this week and next 3 weeks-----june expiry 4.20?
my numbers from mar 15.  would raise jun-augy by 10 cents because of the 
supportive weather we had from mar 15-apr 15

	arnold
May-01	455
Jun-01	395
Jul-01	370
Aug-01	350
Sep-01	350
Oct-01	360
Nov-01	360
Dec-01	325
Jan-02	280
	

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

none

I asked everyone for their A/A needs and received very little feedback.  
Please respond promptly.

Thanks  

John

your guys are probably seeing this as well, but, 50 cents higher our customer 
biz was 95/5 from buy side.  now it's 50/50.  can almost smell blood among 
the producers.  only problem is trade is sooooo short they cant see 
straight.  were the market still not so fundamentally overvalued right now 
i'd be looking for a 25 cent move up.  just can't see that happening at this 
level though.  

Alan:
I received your email.  I'll make sure it goes through the proper channels.   
It may help if you give specific positions that interest you most as Enron is 
such a big place, it will help focus the resume to the right people.
John

only if you promise to post regular updates on the trucking market.  

call chris gaskill to get the password.  

 sign me up for the gas message board

will see you there (most probably)

My floor looks good - now i just have to paint.  Have fun in San Antonio.  
Monday morning?

i like that feeling...as long as someone doesnt punch you in the gut.  i'm 
going to san antonio at lunch today to play soccer so i just took the day 
off.  catching up on 2 weeks of email.   i know how to relax don't i

Every single muscle in my stomach is sore.

Hey Adam:
sorry for the delay.  just been very busy.  congrats on joining enron.  think 
you made the right chioce.  i would recommend structuring.  it's a good way 
to understand how enron works, how we look at and manage risk, and you get 
close to the trading component.  a friend of mine, ed mcmichael runs the gas 
structuring group.  try emiling him probably at emcmich@enron.com.  keep in 
touch,
john

Hi John,

I hope your gas markets are moving nicely this week.  Its
been a long time since we talked, but a lot has happened.
But the most important thing has been my decision to join
Enron. At this point, I am looking around for a rotation,
and I have received a lot of advice pointing me towards
Gas/Power Structuring and RAC rotations.  I am wondering if
you know some people in these areas who might be looking
for analysts.  I have heard that traders work closely with
the structured finance and RAC guys, true?  If you have
time please let me know if you know of anything.

Thanks,

Adam Bayer

this is my idea of vacation...

yes i will

John - I got a call from Warren Tashnek today.  He is concerned about the 
usage of the Fimat line because the trading volume is not covering its 
costs.   He wanted to know how to increase business with Enron.  I referred 
him to you.  As you know, he is so nice and not trying to start a fight with 
us but needs more trades to justify the cost of the line.  Will you please 
address this with him?  

Thanks, Sarah

SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/04/2001 09:31:27 AM
Several people have asked how to read the Carr Futures option candlestick
charts.
Attached is a research note discussing tracking and trading option
volatility.

(See attached file: Tracking and Trading Nat Gas Vols.pdf)

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com
 - Tracking and Trading Nat Gas Vols.pdf

do you know what my user id and password are?
eserver@enron.com on 05/04/2001 10:37:18 AM
The following expense report is ready for approval:

Employee Name: Henry Quigley
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: Quigley050401
Report Total: $107.45
Amount Due Employee: $107.45

To approve this expense report, click on the following link for Concur 
Expense.
http://xms.enron.com

i like that feeling...as long as someone doesnt punch you in the gut.  i'm 
going to san antonio at lunch today to play soccer so i just took the day 
off.  catching up on 2 weeks of email.   i know how to relax don't i

Every single muscle in my stomach is sore.

absolutely...though i'm not sure how you do it.  call chris gaskill and he 
should be abl to help.

John,

Could I get access to the gas message board?

KJM

Jeff:
To explain the P&L of -349,000  : 
We executed the trade when you gave the order (the delta anyway), first thing 
in the morning.  The market rallied 8 cents from the morning, with the back 
rallying about 2.5 cents.  On 904 PV contracts, curve shift was -226,000.  
The balance, $123,000,  is almost exactly $.01 bid/mid, which I think is 
pretty fair considering the tenor of the deal and that it included price and 
vol.  Cal 3 straddles, for instance, are $1.39 / $1.45.

Looking out for you bubbeh:
John

I almost forget about your debt, but then your BMW 315ia reminded me of it.

almost forgot about you....
will take care of .  we'll keep you guys together close to the traders.

   
	
	

Johnny,

Please don't let my group fall through the cracks!

We'd like to be as close to your desk in the new building as possible (8 
seats)

unless you think we should focus on one of the geographical desks

- Mike

no

SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/01/2001 11:44:40 AM
Carr is hosting an enymex presentation at our office in New York this
Monday, May 7th from 2-4 PM. We are double checking our head count to make
sure that we will be ready for the people attending the presentation.
If you would, please reply to this email with a yes or a no to indicate
your intentions of attending this enymex presentation.
Thank you.

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/01/2001 07:51:18 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Option Candlesticks
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/candlesticks48.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

Stranger:
Any interest in getting a drink or dinner Tuesday?  havent seen you in 
forever.

my email as far as i know is jarnold@enron.com.  not on msn though.
i made space for your 8 people as well as ferries, roberts, and the other 
person (??) you requested.  Come down tomorrow and i'll show you the layout 
again.
john

Arnold,

I am trying to talk via MSN messenger service and it will not accept 
jarnold@enron.com or any other reasonable email path.  What is your official 
email path?  I am assuming that you are using Outlook.  I am here at work 
trying to close a deal.

I will forward your message to Grass, but I want to visually see the layout 
of the floor.  I will end up having spots on five and six.  Also,  Nelson 
Ferries' and Linda Roberts' location are very important to the 
Wellhead/Ecommerce effort.  And yes, John will need room to grow. 

What did you think of the article?  

Mrha

Jean:
I think the location i talked about before is actually better for you.  The 
area towards the edge of the building borders the northeast gas group, 
long-term originators, and mid-market orig group.  not exactly who you need 
to be around.  the location in the center is much closer to the east gulf 
group, specifically sandra, and the same distance to the central and texas 
trading groups.  most importantly, it provides room for both your group and 
the trading group to expand.  call me if you want to talk further....
thanks for the article. 
john

can you take care of this...
John:
?
Attached is the invoice covering the current  period.
?
Hope all is well. No changes on analysis.? Market will  have occasional 
rallies (not significant) but all evidence shows lower levels to  be seen.? 
Most bearish case shows decline until late May or first two weeks  of June.? 
Prices from 420 - 380.
 - invoice enron 9943.doc

Jean:
I think the location i talked about before is actually better for you.  The 
area towards the edge of the building borders the northeast gas group, 
long-term originators, and mid-market orig group.  not exactly who you need 
to be around.  the location in the center is much closer to the east gulf 
group, specifically sandra, and the same distance to the central and texas 
trading groups.  most importantly, it provides room for both your group and 
the trading group to expand.  call me if you want to talk further....
thanks for the article. 
john

would like to meet to review to make sure i understand.  may only take a 
couple minutes.  are you free at 330 on tuesday?

John,
I have the reporting package for March 2001 and 1Q 2001 for the Financial 
Team for you.
Would you like to meet to review or would you prefer that I just deliver it 
to you for your review?

Thank you,
Edie Leschber
X30669

remind jim how the h/j/k spread acted this year.  granted it won't behave 
that way again until close to expiry, but i like the j/k outright much moreso 
than the condor.

Caroline Abramo@ENRON
04/30/2001 12:24 PM
Jim Pulaski <Jim.Pulaski@tudor.com> on 04/30/2001 12:17:09 PM
btw,  that wasnt me buying the f-g/j-k on friday at 4

Latest comments FYI
 - ng042901.doc

Hello:
I am not able to pull up the link for the short term outlook for natural 
gas.  Can you please make sure the link is updates.
Thanks,
John

can you get me the number of our contact at the Delano.  I have a personal 
favor to ask them.
john

pookie:
check this out:
www.sailmainecoast.com/index.html

212 836 5030

kimberly:
any interest in accompanying me to maggi's bd party sat nite?

sure

They are coming in Sunday night obviously ( the 13th of May)
We may do a dinner around 8pm -- if this is a yes --are you in you? wanna 
pick their brains with a one on one?

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

may be looking to sell some naked calls soon.  can you check that i would be 
approved to sell 200 of either 65 or 70's expiring somewhere between jul-jan. 
 also, if i sell naked calls with a tenor of more than one year that expire 
worthless, do the gains get counted as LT cap gains?

sure, how about thursday at 3:30?   would like to get update on ENE's lng 
projects as well. 

Jonathan Whitehead @ ENRON   04/24/2001 07:28 AM

John, I have just arrived in Houston, and will be running the LNG Trading & 
Shipping business. I worked for Louise for many years, and took over the 
European Gas business from her when she came over here a few years ago. I'd 
like to meet you and discuss a few issues. Do you have any time over the next 
few days? 

Thanks,
Jonathan

my numbers from mar 15.  would raise jun-augy by 10 cents because of the 
supportive weather we had from mar 15-apr 15

	arnold
May-01	455
Jun-01	395
Jul-01	370
Aug-01	350
Sep-01	350
Oct-01	360
Nov-01	360
Dec-01	325
Jan-02	280
	

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

are we first?  if not, when does the road show start and/or when does the 
basic theme get distributed around the industry?

PIRA is coming in May to do their semi-annual energy outlook.

Greg Shuttlesworth- North American Natural Gas --- May 14th 3-5 pm (30 C1)
? New Production Outlook
? Price Direction
? Demand Fundamentals

Dr. Gary Ross - World Oil Outlook --- May 16th 7-8:30 am --32C2
? OIl/ Demand/ supply Outlook
? Regional balances
? OPEC Rhetoric

Jen Fraser
34759

1.   don't know.  some industrial shutdown is not gas price dependent.  some 
will not come back at the same prices it went off.  residential conservation 
i think is underestimated and has a severe lag effect that will not come back 
as prices fall.  as far as switching i dont think #2 is the floor some people 
think it is.  maybe #6 is the floor.
2.  you know my outlook for xh,  with slightly above normal weather jan goes 
out at 2.75 and that is not constrained by a #6 floor.  next jv, too far away 
to really run the numbers but think natty reestablishes itself as a 
$2.50-3.50 commodity.  
3. the obvious
4. yes.  believe if we end at 2.6 in the ground, the current nymex forward 
curve may be fairly priced.  my belief is that at the current prices we will 
end up with much more than 2.6 and that $5 is not value if we have 2.8 in the 
ground and gaining y on y.  circular argument that leads to my belief that 
prices must fall.
5.  not necessarily.  will loss of demand with normal weather cancel the fact 
that there will be much less demand destruction.  probably.

1- The above spreadsheet looks at HO-NG seasonally. It gives perspective on 
'normal relationships'. 

Things I need to clarify about your ng view
1- As gas plummets are you assuming that it regains all demand (industrial 
shutdowns and fuel switchers)?
2-What is your outlook for Nov-Mar 01 and Ap-oct 02
3- How does your view change with a normal, cold or warm winter ?
4- Is your view predicated on getting to 2.6  is easy and that world did not 
end this past winter a storage level of 2.6?
5- Do you believe that we will need to price some demand out again this 
winter?

Thanks

Stephanie:
Please set up Mike Maggi for trding on Intercontinental Exch.
Thanks,
John

can you send jean a list of her seat numbers
John,

I heard from Wes Colwell that you had been appointed by Lavorato to layout 
the sixth floor for gas.  This morning I spoke to Wes regarding the placement 
of the Upstream/Ecommerce desk on six.  I have taken 6 spaces but I need two 
more.  The two I would like to use (e29 & e30) are currently being occupied 
by the Central Region.  I would like to move these individuals to two spots 
right across from their current location (e35 & e36).

For your information, the current six spots that I have are :  e17, e18, e21, 
e22, e23 and e24.

Please call when you can.  Good luck trading...

Regards, Mrha

thanks a lot

awfully close......

yes

Ina Rangel
04/23/2001 05:04 PM
John,

Have you cleared everything with Presto about having to move over one row to 
make room for Fred's group?

-Ina

SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/23/2001 10:15:27 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Option Candlesticks
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/candlesticks51.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

fuck you

1sm2qs1@msn.com on 04/23/2001 10:48:39 AM
Please respond to bartonbarile113@cutey.com
Debt got you down?
You're not alone....

Consumer debt is at an all-time high.

If you are in debt more that $10,000, please read on.

Whether your debt dilemma is the result of illness,
unemployment, or overspending, it can all seem overwhelming.

Don't despair.

We can help you regain your financial foothold.

We invite you to find out what thousands
before you have already discovered. Fill out
our simplified form below for your free
consultation and see how much you can save!
Let us show you how to become debt free without
borrowing or filing bankruptcy.

[][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]

 Full Name:
 Address:
 City:
 State:
 Zip Code:
 Home Phone:
 Work Phone:
 Best Time to Call:
 E-Mail Address:
 Estimated Debt Size($10,000 Min):

(No information ever provided to any third party sources)

[][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]

This request is totally risk free.
No obligation or costs are incurred.

Thank you for your time.

To unsubscribe please hit reply and send a message with remove in the subject.

do you mind if i go out with the boys from work tonight?

Hello, I noticed you carried several of the 98 Zoom Zins.  Any chance you 
have the 33 year old vines version?  Please advise,
John

you think i'm going to put this in ellectronic form?  no way.   

	arnold
May-01	
Jun-01	
Jul-01	
Aug-01	
Sep-01	
Oct-01	
Nov-01	
Dec-01	
Jan-02	

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/19/2001 10:50:12 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Option Candlesticks
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/candlesticks25.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

welcome to the world of electronic market making. ..      it's fun ,huh?

Hey dickhead....quit arbing me on ice.  When are we going to another
Rocket's game so I can  when my fucking money back?

******************************************************************
This email and any files transmitted with it from El Paso
Energy Corporation are confidential and intended solely
for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are
addressed. If you have received this email in error
please notify the sender.
******************************************************************

Mike:
Please resend the forms needed although I may have sent the necessary docs 
with the courier that delivered the check.  Do not believe we've seen the 
worst yet.

Will not be looking to put more money to work on the long only side for a 
while.  Even with the rally today I do not believe we've seen the worst yet.

John -

Yes, we received your check and forms.  The check has been deposited and the
forms have been processed.  The actual debits for hedge fund subscriptions
will begin on April 24th.

As for naked options, I believe we sent the paperwork for naked options to
you in February, but I don't believe we got it back.  Also, I'm concerned
about the margin requirements for naked options interfering with funds
available for the hedge fund subscriptions on April 24th.

I also have an ACCESS manager portfolio presentation for you to review
concerning the long-stock portion of your portfolio.  I'm thinking we could
knock out the paperwork, discuss protecting your liquidity for the hedge
funds vs. naked option margin requirements, and walk you through the ACCESS
manager proposal in about 30-45 minutes if you're available around 5 PM
tonight or tomorrow night.  With regards to the marginable equity for naked
options question, are the stocks at Fidelity held in joint name?

Thanks,
Mike

mike:
just want to confirm you received my money and forms.
also, checking to see if i am set up to sell naked calls on ENE.  may be
looking to do something this week.  probably 100-200 contracts.
john

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

Please send it to me.
john

John,
We are trying to transfer your bloomberg account and need to know who within 
Let me know.

Thanks,
Julie

Hi Julie. I noticed the contracts have been received.  However, "North 
America"
has been crossed off the contract. That is the name it was signed under and
still the current trading name for Emissions and Natural gas. Not sure if it
was a mistake or not. Anyway - please get back to me when you can. I am going
to try to set up a meeting with the gas guys for tomorrow 4/17. Thanks

Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
04/17/2001 12:52 PM
Current Notes User: 

To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, 
it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
survey.  When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send'  
Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.

Thank you.

Outlook 2000 Migration Team

Full Name:        

Login ID:  

Extension:  

Office Location:  

What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  

Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  

Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  
    If yes, who?  

Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  
    If yes, who?  

Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  
    If yes, who?  

Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  
    If yes, who?  

Do you have access to a shared calendar?  
    If yes, which shared calendar?  

Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings)?  
    If yes, please list here:  

Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  

In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
need to know:

Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
       If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):      

jeanie:
i really need the docs on both phantom stock and options.   
please
please
please

john

http://messages.yahoo.com/bbs?.mm=FN&action=m&board=7081781&tid=ene&sid=708178
1&mid=11711

7:2 at 2:1

new odds

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

i'll take 10:1 this morning

thats pleasant

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

eat my shorts

3:1 and your on
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1.    I'll take 4:1.    
that's all the juice i'll pay.

Most import  - the wager - I will take the over on May NG (4.95). 2:1 is 
okay--- $5 per penny okay? 

Agree - Products
Rally is not different for products. 92% of heating oil is made ondemand  
(storage is not as important as in nat gas) Heat will get ugly this October 
and then give it up (unless we have 7 blizzzards in the Northeast very 
early). 
SOme things to consider :
1- in the next 3-4 weeks we will finish the very heavy maintenance season and 
be in full blown gasoline season.
- yields will be preferentially shifted for HU
3- nobody will pay any attention to HO
2-HO will have incremental demand due to utlity switching and will quietly 
build slower than last year 
4- therefore by September everyone will freak out
5- After the OCtober contract expires (HO) , everyone will realize (similar 
to NG) that the world will not end.

Where does this get us:
1- Sell q3 HU crack and by Q4HO crack (By the time q3 prices out--the wind 
will have been taken out of HU sails - plus you can do it month 
avg--therefore less noise)
2-Benefit from heat's recent excitement -- sell HO calls (June -Aug), buy ng 
puts nov-jan

Ng-Disagree:
I think prices stay high through June. The big drop off come some where in 
July 15 to Aug 15 and downhill from there. (Looks like 1998)

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the 
weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf 
less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a 
touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move 
this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat 
market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong 
going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not 
convinced this rally in products is different.  

where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

That's what I'm talking ABOUT !!!!

?
You've read?the Innovator's Dilemma.?  Now learn?the  latest.?? 

Clay??Christensen?
?How can I know in advance if something is a high-potential  disruptive 
market opportunity?
?
3:30pm,?Wednesday,?April?18th
Spangler  Auditorium

Come  watch?Clay Christensenshare his?most recent?thoughts  on?disruption,  
innovation?and business.

Part of the HBS Student Association's Thought Leadership Speaker Series
Be sure not  to miss:

Michael  Porter:??Strategy: New  Learnings:?3:30pm,??Tuesday, 
April?17th?Spangler Auditorium
Tom Eisenmann: Get Big Fast? Promise and Peril on the  Path to the Evernet
3:00pm, Thursday, April 19th Aldrich  110
Rosabeth Moss Kanter: Evolve!:  Succeeding in the Digital Culture of Tomorrow
4:30pm, Thursday,  April 19th Aldrich 109

mike:
just want to confirm you received my money and forms.
also, checking to see if i am set up to sell naked calls on ENE.  may be 
looking to do something this week.  probably 100-200 contracts.  
john

the 14 mm loss was due to a booking mistake that could not be corrected 
before the books were posted and is being corrected tonight

Chris Abel
04/16/2001 01:08 PM
Mike, can you please provide an explanation for the $71mm loss on the 11th 
and the $31mm loss on the 12th, for reporting purposes?

John, can you please provide an explanation for the $14mm loss on the 12th, 
for reporting purposes?

Thanks,

Chris Abel
Manager, Risk Controls and Consolidated Risk Reporting

fuck you

<mn49@msn.com> on 04/16/2001 11:09:55 AM
Please respond to francielou3224@comic.com
  Got debt? We can help using Debt Consolidation!

If you owe $10,000 USD or more, consolidate your debt
into just 1 payment and let us handle the rest!
Wouldn't it be nice to have to worry about just 1
fee instead of half a dozen? We think so too.

- You do not have to own a home
- You do not need another loan
- No credit checks required
- Approval within 3 business days
- Available to all US citizens

For a FREE, no obligation, consultation, please fill
out the form below and return it to us. Paying bills
should not be a chore, and your life should be as easy
and simple as possible. So take advantage of this
great offer!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

(All fields are required)

Full Name           :
Address             :
City                :
State               :
Zip Code            :
Home Phone          :
Work Phone          :
Best Time to Call   :
E-Mail Address      :
Estimated Debt Size :

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Thank You

To receive no further offers from our company regarding
this matter or any other matter, please reply to this
e-mail with the word 'Remove' in the subject line.

remember when you said there is a reason they call them bear spreads?

bring up a chart of f/g or g/h.   
f/g is tighter now than anytime since march 99 when ff1 was worth 2.50

amazing

yep

Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
11/06/2000 11:08 AM
John,

Are you available to install the Enron Messenger application today at 4pm?

Brian

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

i'll take 10:1 this morning

thats pleasant

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

eat my shorts

3:1 and your on
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1.    I'll take 4:1.    
that's all the juice i'll pay.

Most import  - the wager - I will take the over on May NG (4.95). 2:1 is 
okay--- $5 per penny okay? 

Agree - Products
Rally is not different for products. 92% of heating oil is made ondemand  
(storage is not as important as in nat gas) Heat will get ugly this October 
and then give it up (unless we have 7 blizzzards in the Northeast very 
early). 
SOme things to consider :
1- in the next 3-4 weeks we will finish the very heavy maintenance season and 
be in full blown gasoline season.
- yields will be preferentially shifted for HU
3- nobody will pay any attention to HO
2-HO will have incremental demand due to utlity switching and will quietly 
build slower than last year 
4- therefore by September everyone will freak out
5- After the OCtober contract expires (HO) , everyone will realize (similar 
to NG) that the world will not end.

Where does this get us:
1- Sell q3 HU crack and by Q4HO crack (By the time q3 prices out--the wind 
will have been taken out of HU sails - plus you can do it month 
avg--therefore less noise)
2-Benefit from heat's recent excitement -- sell HO calls (June -Aug), buy ng 
puts nov-jan

Ng-Disagree:
I think prices stay high through June. The big drop off come some where in 
July 15 to Aug 15 and downhill from there. (Looks like 1998)

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the 
weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf 
less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a 
touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move 
this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat 
market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong 
going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not 
convinced this rally in products is different.  

where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

schedule 30 min to sit down with me either mon or tues after 430.  if you 
want to get info, sending out an email survey is not the right way.  much 
easier to respond to a question in voice rather than typing it out.  

<cwomack@rice.edu> on 04/09/2001 04:17:59 PM
Hello Mr. Arnold,

Thank you for speaking with me today with Kenneth Parkhill.  Unfortunately,
none of my teammates are available to meet with you today.  Would you please
review our questionnaire and reply back to me with your comments about the
questionnaire and answers to any questions that apply to your work.

We will follow up with you later this week if we have questions.  Thank you
for your help.

Charles Womack
2002 Rice MBA Candidate
281-413-8147
cwomack@rice.edu

 - Questionnaire.doc

eat my shorts

3:1 and your on
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1.    I'll take 4:1.    
that's all the juice i'll pay.

Most import  - the wager - I will take the over on May NG (4.95). 2:1 is 
okay--- $5 per penny okay? 

Agree - Products
Rally is not different for products. 92% of heating oil is made ondemand  
(storage is not as important as in nat gas) Heat will get ugly this October 
and then give it up (unless we have 7 blizzzards in the Northeast very 
early). 
SOme things to consider :
1- in the next 3-4 weeks we will finish the very heavy maintenance season and 
be in full blown gasoline season.
- yields will be preferentially shifted for HU
3- nobody will pay any attention to HO
2-HO will have incremental demand due to utlity switching and will quietly 
build slower than last year 
4- therefore by September everyone will freak out
5- After the OCtober contract expires (HO) , everyone will realize (similar 
to NG) that the world will not end.

Where does this get us:
1- Sell q3 HU crack and by Q4HO crack (By the time q3 prices out--the wind 
will have been taken out of HU sails - plus you can do it month 
avg--therefore less noise)
2-Benefit from heat's recent excitement -- sell HO calls (June -Aug), buy ng 
puts nov-jan

Ng-Disagree:
I think prices stay high through June. The big drop off come some where in 
July 15 to Aug 15 and downhill from there. (Looks like 1998)

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the 
weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf 
less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a 
touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move 
this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat 
market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong 
going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not 
convinced this rally in products is different.  

where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

fuck you

239b3989d@msn.com on 04/14/2001 05:42:02 AM
Please respond to leehouse211@asia.com
How would you like to take all of your debt, reduce
or eliminate the interest, pay less per month,and
pay them off sooner?

We have helped over 20,000 people do just that.

If you are interested, we invite you request our free
information by provide the following information.

 Full Name:
 Address:
 City:
 State:
 Zip Code:
 Home Phone:
 Work Phone:
 Best Time to Call:
 E-Mail Address:
 Estimated Debt Size:

 (All information is kept securely and never
  provided to any third party sources)

 This request is totally risk free.
 No obligation or costs are incurred.

 To unsubscribe please hit reply and send a message with
 remove in the subject.

fuck you

8aya1r@msn.com on 04/15/2001 07:41:06 AM
Please respond to korydegan4034@publicist.com
 Are you behind in bills?
 Late on a payment?

 Let us help you get out of debt NOW!

 If you are interested, we invite you to request free
 information at the end of this form.

 What we can do to help YOU!

 * Stop harrassment by creditors.
 * Reduce your principal balance up to 50%
 * Consolidate your debts into one low monthly payment
 * Improve your credit rating
 * Lower your monthly payments by 40% - 60%

 Things to keep in mind:

 * There is no need to own property
 * There is no need to own any equity
 * This is not a loan

 This is a program that has helped thousands just like YOU!

 If you are interested, we invite you to read our free
 information please provide the following information:

 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
 Full Name:
 Address:
 City:
 State:
 Zip Code:
 Home Phone:
 Work Phone:
 Best Time to Call:
 E-Mail Address:
 Estimated Debt Size:
 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 (All information is kept securely and never
  provided to any third party sources)

 To unsubscribe please hit reply and send a message with
 remove in the subject.

This request is totally risk free.
No obligation or costs are incurred.

fuck you

y6qa@msn.com on 04/15/2001 07:41:11 AM
Please respond to annamaedicastro2195@witty.com
 Are you behind in bills?
 Late on a payment?

 Let us help you get out of debt NOW!

 If you are interested, we invite you to request free
 information at the end of this form.

 What we can do to help YOU!

 * Stop harrassment by creditors.
 * Reduce your principal balance up to 50%
 * Consolidate your debts into one low monthly payment
 * Improve your credit rating
 * Lower your monthly payments by 40% - 60%

 Things to keep in mind:

 * There is no need to own property
 * There is no need to own any equity
 * This is not a loan

 This is a program that has helped thousands just like YOU!

 If you are interested, we invite you to read our free
 information please provide the following information:

 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
 Full Name:
 Address:
 City:
 State:
 Zip Code:
 Home Phone:
 Work Phone:
 Best Time to Call:
 E-Mail Address:
 Estimated Debt Size:
 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 (All information is kept securely and never
  provided to any third party sources)

 To unsubscribe please hit reply and send a message with
 remove in the subject.

This request is totally risk free.
No obligation or costs are incurred.

i dont remember if we fixed these yet.
herve.duteil@americas.bnpparibas.com on 04/10/2001 04:05:06 PM
John,

Sorry again...  my last 2 trades (EOL # 1112587 & 1112596 - I sell 1/2 day 
twice
@5.55 on May) were done again by mistake on US Gas Daily instead of NYMEX.

I have called your help desk to try to remove US Gas Daily from my NYMEX 
screen
which we cannot do so far unless I select each quote individually.  However 
this
would run the additional problem of not showing up new tenors you may 
introduce
over time.

Thank you and best regards,

Herve

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
 
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.

the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1.    I'll take 4:1.    
that's all the juice i'll pay.

Most import  - the wager - I will take the over on May NG (4.95). 2:1 is 
okay--- $5 per penny okay? 

Agree - Products
Rally is not different for products. 92% of heating oil is made ondemand  
(storage is not as important as in nat gas) Heat will get ugly this October 
and then give it up (unless we have 7 blizzzards in the Northeast very 
early). 
SOme things to consider :
1- in the next 3-4 weeks we will finish the very heavy maintenance season and 
be in full blown gasoline season.
- yields will be preferentially shifted for HU
3- nobody will pay any attention to HO
2-HO will have incremental demand due to utlity switching and will quietly 
build slower than last year 
4- therefore by September everyone will freak out
5- After the OCtober contract expires (HO) , everyone will realize (similar 
to NG) that the world will not end.

Where does this get us:
1- Sell q3 HU crack and by Q4HO crack (By the time q3 prices out--the wind 
will have been taken out of HU sails - plus you can do it month 
avg--therefore less noise)
2-Benefit from heat's recent excitement -- sell HO calls (June -Aug), buy ng 
puts nov-jan

Ng-Disagree:
I think prices stay high through June. The big drop off come some where in 
July 15 to Aug 15 and downhill from there. (Looks like 1998)

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the 
weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf 
less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a 
touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move 
this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat 
market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong 
going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not 
convinced this rally in products is different.  

where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

Average volume is 35,000-40,000 on nymex of which about half is spreads.  So 
around 20,000 outrights trade.  We trade more than that on EOL.  Today's 
conditions 1000 lot market would be 3-4 cents wide.  have executed trades as 
large as 10,000 across a longer term and 1000 lot clips in the front 
frequently.

Caroline Abramo@ENRON
04/12/2001 06:48 AM
John/ Mike- could you give me a sense of the below on nat gas..

thanks,
ca
Caroline Abramo
04/11/2001 12:22 PM
This is a program trader in San Diego with about 1 Billion in Capital.  They 
concentrate on front month trading- both swaps and options.  they are looking 
for liquidity and want to know:

1. size of the financial markets- what is the daily trading volume like?
2. bid/offer on size.. like 10,000 to start and then 5,000..1,000 - only for 
the front month on swaps and options?
3. what kind of size we have seen go through directly from anyone?

They want to know this for nat gas: I can talk to John and Mike on this
Rus- can you please get this on WTI, heat, and unleaded.

I want to try to get this to them today... we'll be getting a lot of these 
inquiries.

Also, they trade through Carr futures, Merrill, Morgan Stanley, and 
JPM/Chase.. What they want to do is trade with us and then we'll give-up the 
trades to the above counterparties.. in effect, we will not have any credit 
exposure..I can explain this in our meeting.

Thanks,
CA

Dave:
I need a favor.  I'm trying to create an internal only Cal 2002 product for 
our power guys. Product controls is saying it will take  a week from monday 
to get it created.  any way to speed it up?

SOblander@carrfut.com on 11/06/2000 07:28:53 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Crude     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/crude86.pdf
Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/ngas86.pdf
Distillate     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/hoil86.pdf
Unleaded     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/unlded86.pdf

Nat Gas Strip Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/Stripmatrix86.pdf
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixNG86.pdf

Crude and Products Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixCL86.pdf

April Crude    http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/CLJ86.pdf

the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the 
weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf 
less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a 
touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move 
this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat 
market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong 
going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not 
convinced this rally in products is different.  

where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

what kind of odds.   the market is saying it's 8:1 chance.  I'm saying there 
is a much better chance than that.  i think it's 2:1

wanna wager on that?

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

may = 495  the rest is the same

where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

2.75 ... but yea

2.50 fir jan02?

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

may = 495  the rest is the same

where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

may = 495  the rest is the same

where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

looks good to me.  have you sent for materials yet?

I found a good place - Bay Area Sailing.  When you have time, go to their 
website - www.bayareasailing.com and let me know what you think.

John Arnold
04/11/2001 08:43 AM
australia definitely sounds cool.  might be a little tough though.   
i'd be in for keemah if you want to do that

I'm still going to do it.  I found out about one trip/lessons - 7 days in 
Austrailia (Great Barrier Reef) - October - 40 ft. Beneteau - you are ASA 
certified at the end.  In other words, you could rent a sailboat anywhere in 
the world when you are done.  However, as fun and as cool as it sounds - it 
may not be doable.  

Also, got the name of a guy in Keemah that my friends took lessons from a few 
years ago.  I might give him a call - he may be expensive - they had their 
own boat.

I will keep you posted -

John Arnold
04/08/2001 08:15 PM
hey:
just wondering if you're still up for sailing lessons and if you've found out 
anything???

i went to get the tix this morn and couldnt get them.  i'll probably go to 
dinner.   sorry

So do your plans for tonight involve business or pleasure?

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

australia definitely sounds cool.  might be a little tough though.   
i'd be in for keemah if you want to do that

I'm still going to do it.  I found out about one trip/lessons - 7 days in 
Austrailia (Great Barrier Reef) - October - 40 ft. Beneteau - you are ASA 
certified at the end.  In other words, you could rent a sailboat anywhere in 
the world when you are done.  However, as fun and as cool as it sounds - it 
may not be doable.  

Also, got the name of a guy in Keemah that my friends took lessons from a few 
years ago.  I might give him a call - he may be expensive - they had their 
own boat.

I will keep you posted -

John Arnold
04/08/2001 08:15 PM
hey:
just wondering if you're still up for sailing lessons and if you've found out 
anything???

http://gasmsgboard.corp.enron.com/msgframe.asp

SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/10/2001 07:28:36 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Option Candlesticks
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/candlesticks77.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

herve.duteil@americas.bnpparibas.com on 04/10/2001 07:20:32 AM
Hi John !

My mistake again early morning...  I clicked on Gas Daily Henry Hub (EOL
#1107435,    I buy 5,000 MMBtu/day  May @ 5.51)  instead of NYMEX.

Could you change it to NYMEX ?

Thank you and sorry again,

Herve

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
 
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.

Is it possible to reschedule the commercial meeting from Wednesday.  
Wednesday is the busiest day of the week for the gas floor.   Please advise,
John

Jeanie Slone
11/02/2000 03:56 PM
Mark you calendars for the Gas and Power Trading PRC meetings to be held  
Wed. November 29 (Commercial) and Mon. December 4(Commercial Support)  You 
will receive specific information regarding times and locations soon.
If you would like additional members of your staff to attend the meeting to 
provide feedback, please submit their names to me by November 10.
A formal Gas pre-ranking meeting is not scheduled.  However, if you are 
interested in conducting a pre-PRC meeting, please contact me by November 10.

Best regards,
Jeanie
X5-3847

yes

herve.duteil@americas.bnpparibas.com on 04/10/2001 07:20:32 AM
Hi John !

My mistake again early morning...  I clicked on Gas Daily Henry Hub (EOL
#1107435,    I buy 5,000 MMBtu/day  May @ 5.51)  instead of NYMEX.

Could you change it to NYMEX ?

Thank you and sorry again,

Herve

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
 
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.

fuck you

hey:
just wondering if you're still up for sailing lessons and if you've found out 
anything???

Took the wrong checkbook to work Friday.  Will call your courier on Monday 
hopefully.
John

what's your view of crude from here over next 1-4 weeks?

SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/06/2001 08:36:38 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Option Candlesticks
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/candlesticks65.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/06/2001 08:36:38 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2001 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Option Candlesticks
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/candlesticks65.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

agree

Kristi Tharpe <kristi.tharpe@intcx.com> on 04/06/2001 07:41:11 AM
Please reply to this correspondence to cancel deal id 131585680 between
John Neslon of Duke Energy Trading and Marketing LLC and John Arnold of
Product:  NG Fin, FP for LD1 Henry Hub tailgate - Louisiana
Strip:  May01-Oct01
Quantity: 2,500 MMBtus daily
Total Quantity:  460,000 MMBtus
Price/Rate: 5.57 USD / MMBtu
Effective Date:  May 1, 2001
Termination Date: October 31, 2001

Please call the ICE Help Desk at 770.738.2101 with any questions.

Thanks,

 Kristi Tharpe
 IntercontinentalExchange, LLC
 2100 RiverEdge Parkway, Fourth Floor
 Atlanta, GA 30328
 Phone:    770-738-2101
      ktharpe@intcx.com

good to me.  get prices for the different types of rooms

Look what I found: http://www.60thompson.com/

There aren't many photos, but it sounds nice.  Travelocity.com shows
cheaper, promotional rates.  And I'll find out from Paula where she made
her reservations.

I'm done.  It's all up to you now.
Jen

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

Errol:
I did not write up these access trades from Friday.  Please make sure they 
are in.
John
Greg asked me send you the ACCESS trades you did last night/this morning.

B     37     Z       4720
B     13     Z       4810
B      5      Z       4815
S     20     H       4436

Thank you.

Joseph Mancino
E.D. & F. Man International
(212)566-9700

got tix for tonight

assume we're driving the 328 up to mom this friday after work

assuming we're driving the car to dallas tomorrow after work...

liz:
are the diamonds still available for tonight's game?

sandra delgado <sdelgado_vitoltvl@yahoo.com> on 03/30/2001 04:27:11 PM
                                          AGENT SS/SS BOOKING REF
YFRJLU

                                          WHITE/JENNIFER

  ENRON
  1400 SMITH
  HOUSTON TX 77002
  ATTN: JOHN ARNOLD

  DATE:  MAR 30 2001                   ENRON

SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART
ARRIVE

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  12APR HOUSTON TX     NEW YORK NY    335P    817P
CO 1700    V          THU   G.BUSH INTERCO LA GUARDIA
                            TERMINAL C     TERMINAL M
                            SNACK                         NON STOP
                            RESERVATION CONFIRMED         3:42 DURATION
                  AIRCRAFT: BOEING 737-300
                            SEAT 14E NO SMOKING CONFIRMED
WHITE/JENNIFER

CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  15APR NEWARK NJ      HOUSTON TX     1100A   139P
CO 209     Q          SUN   NEWARK INTL    G.BUSH INTERCO
                            TERMINAL C     TERMINAL C
                            SNACK                         NON STOP
                            RESERVATION CONFIRMED         3:39 DURATION
                  AIRCRAFT: MCDONNELL DOUGLAS DC-10 ALL SERIES
                            SEAT 29L NO SMOKING CONFIRMED
WHITE/JENNIFER

      AIR FARE 248.37       TAX 27.13           TOTAL USD
275.50

                                        INVOICE TOTAL USD
275.50

PAYMENT: CCVI4128003323411978/0801/A234211

RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/OMMLDH

WHITE/JENNIFER                           TICKET:CO/ETKT 005 7026661562

**CONTINENTAL RECORD LOCATOR: OMMLDH
THIS IS A TICKETLESS RESERVATION. PLEASE HAVE A
PICTURE ID AVAILABLE AT THE AIRPORT. THANK YOU
**********************************************
NON-REFUNDABLE TKT MINIMUM $100.00 CHANGE FEE
                  THANK YOU FOR CALLING VITOL TRAVEL

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
http://personal.mail.yahoo.com/?.refer=text

arrive some time friday night.  
leave some time sunday.

Karen Arnold <klarnold@flash.net> on 04/04/2001 09:36:32 PM
Fax or email me your itinerary for the weekend.  Fax 972-690-5151!  Mom

do you still have the magazine and if so can you send it to me?

 Jarnold

 - Jarnold.jpg

i read this as though 1.5 bcf/d of more switching takes place in the summer 
versus today.  is that because of the forward curves are backwardated for 2 
and contango for natty?

Given the shape of the curve, my guess for incremental substitution is 
1.5Bcf/d for No2 oil.  
So for the period  May-Sep01 an extra 1.5Bcf/d will be put back into the 
system due to No2 oil usage.

Futures Settlements                                          		Mar27-01						
	NG	CL	BRT	HO	GSL	HU	PN	
	$/Mmbtu	$/BBL	$/BBL	Cts/Gal	$/ MT	Cts/Gal	Cts/gal	
APR1	5.621	 27.75 	25.40	0.7794	216.25	0.9395	0.5375	
MAY1	5.661	 27.84 	25.50	0.737	213.75	0.9306	0.5375	
JUN1	5.703	 27.66 	25.39	0.7235	212.25	0.9111	0.5400	
JUL1	5.738	 27.40 	25.26	0.724	212.50	0.8853	0.5425	
AUG1	5.753	 27.12 	25.09	0.727	213.00	0.8558	0.5450	
SEP1	5.713	 26.85 	24.91	0.7325	213.00	0.819	0.5475	
OCT1	5.708	 26.58 	24.73	0.739	213.50	0.7765	0.5575	
NOV1 	5.813	 26.31 	24.53	0.745	214.25	0.7525	0.5600	
DEC1	5.913	 26.03 	24.27	0.7490	215.00	0.739	0.5600	

Futures Settlements  DIFFS VS NG (USD/ MMBTU)   (CDTY- 
NG)                                    							
	NG	CL	BRT	HO	GSL	HU	PN
	$/MMBtu	$/MMBtu	$/MMBtu	$/MMBtu	$/MMBtu	$/MMBtu	$/MMBtu
APR1	0.00	-0.86	-1.29	0.00	-0.64	2.19	0.28
MAY1	0.00	-0.88	-1.32	-0.35	-0.74	2.08	0.24
JUN1	0.00	-0.95	-1.38	-0.49	-0.81	1.87	0.22
JUL1	0.00	-1.03	-1.43	-0.52	-0.84	1.62	0.22
AUG1	0.00	-1.10	-1.48	-0.51	-0.84	1.36	0.23
SEP1	0.00	-1.10	-1.47	-0.43	-0.80	1.10	0.41
OCT1	0.00	-1.14	-1.50	-0.38	-0.79	0.75	0.44
NOV1 	0.00	-1.30	-1.63	-0.44	-0.88	0.45	#REF!
DEC1	0.00	-1.44	-1.78	-0.51	-0.96	0.23	0.23

Date	27-03	
		
Legend		
NG	NYMEX Nat Gas	
CL	NYMEX Crude Oil	
BRT	IPE Brent	
HO	NYMEX Heating Oil	
GSL	IPE Gasoil	
HU	NYMEX Gasoline	
PN	1 BBL = 42 Gal	
		
		
		
		
Date	27-03	
		
Conversions		
NG	1 BBL = 5.825 MMBtu	
CL		
BRT		
HO	1 BBL = 42 Gal	
GSL	1 BBL =0.134 MT	
HU	1 BBL = 42 Gal	
PN	1 BBL = 42 Gal	
		
		

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

Mike:
Two questions regarding fees:
1.  What will you charge for placement fee on a 750,000-1,000,000 type 
investment into the hedge funds?
2.  I understand your cost structure is a little higher than Fidelity.  
However, I was charged over $1,000 on my option trade for a transaction that 
Fidelity charges $147.50.  Is there any justification?

Please understand that my basis for developing an account with Paine Webber 
is dependent upon an agressive fee structure.  I don't want to see my 
above-market returns compromised by high fees.
Thanks,
John

planning on going.  which night are you inviting guys for?

also, heard there were some issues about contract negotiations.  don't know 
specifics but if you want to discuss give me a call.  might be able to 
mediate this a little bit  if you want.

Caroline Abramo@ENRON
03/30/2001 03:37 PM
I think you guys need to attend
	
	

I'm asking for 20 tickets, possibly 40 depending on whether they have spouces 
attending. Make a note for the calander. I'm thinking we can use this to get 
people like Paul Tudor Jones, Louis Bacon, etc. to attend an Enron function, 
while also gving the traders an opportunity to go as well.

Per
Hello all,

Over the last few weeks correspondence has been disseminated to you in 
regards to opportunities with the Guggenheim Museum in New York. We need to 
get a more accurate head count if we would like to have a private Enron event 
at the Frank Gehry Exhibit.  Tentatively, we have May 24th on hold and Frank 
Gehry has agreed to be in attendance, which is an added-value. The event 
would be a formal dinner with approximately 150-200 people, including Enron 
executives and their potential/existing customers.  Again, the attendance 
list is created through your requests but Enron Corporate covers the cost of 
the event (excluding travel arrangements).

We need to make a firm commitment to the Guggenheim by Monday.  Please let me 
know approximately how many people you would like to bring by tomorrow. Feel 
free to call me at 39056 or email me if you have any questions.

Thanks, Margaret

what time did you get in?

Everything worked out OK.  I left your key at the concierge desk.

Jen

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

good to hear.  met john galperin today.  give me a call soon to  dicuss how 
to most effectively use the line.  

Did the Palestinians settle with the Israelis? No.  Did Dan Reeves settle
with John Elway? No.  Did Anna Nicole Smith settle with her in-laws? No.

But Salomon Smith Barney and Enron have settled all the issues and have
agreed to the $50 million credit facility.  The documents are in Mary Cook's
capable hands and should be completed next week.

In addition, I hope that Jon Davis' cooling demand presentation on Wednesday
(3:15) will be valuable for your trading endeavors.  John Galperin (on our
desk) will introduce Jon.  Try to stay awake during John's introduction.

please add
The March 30th Executive Forum has been moved to Friday, April 20th from 3:=
00=20
p.m. to 4:30 p.m.

If your calendar permits and you would like to attend, please RSVP to the=
=20
undersigned no later than April 18th. =20

Thanks very much!

Debbie Nowak
Executive Development
Houston, TX
Tel.  713.853.3304
Fax:  713.646.8586

The Office of the Chairman would like to invite you to participate at an=20
Enron Executive Forum.  This invitation is extended to
anyone who attended an Executive Impact and Influence Program within the pa=
st=20
two years.  These informal, interactive forums
will be 90 minutes in length and held several times per year.

Most of the participants in the Executive Impact and Influence program have=
=20
indicated a strong desire to express opinions, share
ideas, and ask questions to the Office of the Chairman. Although not=20
mandatory to attend, the forums are designed to address those issues.  They=
=20
also afford the Office of the Chairman opportunities to speak directly to i=
ts=20
executive team, describe plans and initiatives, do =01&reality checks=018, =
create a=20
=01&rallying point=018 and ensure Enron=01,s executive management is on the=
 =01&same=20
page=018 about where Enron is going---and why.

To accommodate anticipated demand, we currently have two sessions:

Choice: (Please rank in order of preference 1 or 2 for a session below.  Yo=
u=20
will attend only one session.)

______ Thursday, March 29, 2001 from 2:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. in EB50M

______ Friday, March 30, 2001 from 2:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. in EB50M =20

The Office of the Chairman will host the forum. Here=01,s how it will work:
? Each session will have approximately 20 participants.
? The format will be honest, open, interactive dialogue.
? This will be your forum. Don=01,t expect to simply sit and listen to=20
presentations.=20
? This will not be the place for anonymity. You can safely ask your own=20
questions and express your own opinions.
? You can submit questions/issues in advance or raise them during the forum=
.
? Some examples of topics you might want to discuss include, but are not=20
limited to: the direction of Enron, business   goals/results, M&A activitie=
s,=20
projects/initiatives, culture, leadership, management practices, diversity,=
=20
values, etc.

Because the forum will work only if everyone actively participates, we=20
encourage you to accept this invitation only if you=20
intend to have something to say and if you are willing to allow others to d=
o=20
the same. For planning purposes, it is essential that=20
you RSVP no later than Friday, March 16, 2001 by return e-mail to Debbie=20
Nowak, or via fax 713.646.8586. =20

Once we have ensured an even distribution of participants throughout these=
=20
sessions, we will confirm with you, in writing,
as to what session you will attend.  We will try to honor requests for firs=
t=20
choices as much as possible. =20

Should you have any questions or concerns, please notify Gerry Gibson by=20
e-mail (gerry.gibson@enron.com).  Gerry can also be reached at 713.345.6806=
.

Thank you.

maybe.  hydro situation dire in west.  think water levels are at recent 
historical lows.  problem is from gas standpoint, west is an island right 
now.  every molecle that can go there is.  so will provide limited support to 
prices in east.  hydro in east is actually very healthy.  would assume your 
markets are targeting eastern u.s. so i dont know if hydro problem in west is 
that relevant.

Sarah Mulholland
04/04/2001 08:09 AM
interesting comment from singapore........

hope things are going well up there.
Hans Wong
04/04/2001 08:05 AM
i was reading something interesting last week somewhere on states coping with 
the coming summer---the report was on the amount of ice -not huge enough from 
this winter to provide enough water for hydroelectricity during 
summer.farmers were encouraged to cultivate crops that consume less water-the 
first thing i can  think of is low sul fueloil as natgas will be well 
supported-thus european lsfo will be arbg to the states.just my 
thought-hi/low play worth watching

i talked to fred today.  i think he's in so lets assume it's a go.   when is 
the last day to cancel and get our money back?

Ina Rangel
04/04/2001 11:14 AM
John,

It looks like Fred is not going to do the Miami trip after all.  Do you still 
want me to book it for the Financial group?  If not, I will cancel the 
reservations that are on hold.

-Ina

unfortunately, mathematical analysis of skew is extremely hard to do.  the 
question is why does skew exist and does the market do a proper job of 
correcting for violations of the black scholes model.  in my mind, there are 
three big reasons for skew.  one is that the assumption of stochastic 
volatility as a function of price level gets violated.  commodities tend to 
have long range trading ranges that exist due to the economics of supply and 
elasticity of the demand curve.  nat gas tends to be relatively stable when 
we are in that historical pricing environment.  however, moving to a 
different pricing regime tends to bring volatility.  an options trader wants 
to be long vol outside the trading range, believing that a breakout of the 
range leads to volatility while trying to find new equilibrium.  supports a 
vol smile theory.  in addition, in some commodities realized vol is a 
function of price level.  nat gas historically is more volatile at $5 than at 
$4 and more volatile at $4 than $3.  thus there has been a tendency for all 
calls to have positive skew and all puts except weenies to have negative 
skew.  the market certainly trades this way as vol has a tendency to come off 
in a declining market and increase in a rising market.  to test, regress 15 
day realized vol versus price level and see if there is any correlation.  
second reason is heptocurtosis, fatter tails than lognormal distribution 
predicts.  supports vol smile theory.  easy to test how your market compares 
by plotting historical one day lognormal returns versus expected 
distribution.  
third, is just supply and demand.  in a market where spec players are 
bearish, put skew tends to get bid as vol players require more insurance 
premium to add incremetal risk to the book.  if you have a neutral view 
towards market, or believe that market will come off but in an orderly 
fashion, enron can take advantage of our risk limits by selling more 
expensive insurance.  crude market tends to have strong put skew and weak 
call skew as customer business in options is nearly all one way: producer 
fences.  if you believe vol is stochastic in the region of prices where the 
fence strikes are, can be profitable to take other side of trade.  
if you want to discuss further give me a call 4-6 pm houston time.  hope this 
helps,
john

Sharad Agnihotri
04/04/2001 12:44 PM
John, Mike

I work for the London Research team and am looking at 
some option pricing problems for the UK gas desk.
Dave Redmond the options trader told me that you had done 
some fundamental research regarding 
the gas implied volatility smiles and may be able to help.

I would be grateful if you tell me 
what you have done or suggest 
someone else that I could ask.

Regards
Sharad Agnihtori 
 

Congrats, thought you were headed to aig.  how long til you get to short 
natty again?

slafontaine@globalp.com on 04/04/2001 02:05:52 PM
i ve resigned from global today. it is a difficult decision from the stand 
point
that I have been very happy in the short time I've been here. I wil still be 
in
the energy business doing very much the same as i am doing now. I felt that 
the
oportunity which came up was the best thing for my career and family in the 
long
term. I look forward to speaking to all of you in the future and I'll contact
you as soon as i get set up in the next couple of weeks.
home phone 508-893-6043
home email oakley2196@aol.com
regards,steve

txu buy 200 u @5255

Just to confirm this trade:

Enron buys futures and sells LD swaps in the following months.  EFP
posting price is NYMEX settlement price on 4/30/01.

Jul '01-176 lots
Aug'01-157 lots
Sep'01-443 lots
Nov'01-132 lots
Jan'02-233 lots
Feb'02-283 lots
Mar'02-607 lots

Counter Party is Transcanada and they are posting with Man South.

Thanks again..

http://gasmsgboard.corp.enron.com/msgframe.asp

SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/04/2001 07:21:04 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Crude     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/crude38.pdf
Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/ngas38.pdf
Distillate     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/hoil38.pdf
Unleaded     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/unlded38.pdf

Nat Gas Strip Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/StripmatrixNG38.pdf
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixNG38.pdf

Crude and Products Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixCL38.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

yea they were doing spoofs on the rules of business.  i'll tell you about it 
later.  kind of funny.   however, it took 2 hours for 30 seconds of film

Without me!  I can't believe you...

Just kidding.  What was it for -- the management conference?  

are you in for the game?

i've realized i'm too old to stay up til 1 on a school night

no not necessarily... just sick of her at the moment,

what a pisser -- i'm still in austin so i can't go.  what about your 
girlfriend?  is she on her way out?

	John Arnold@ECT
	04/02/2001 12:25 PM
		 
i may have some u2 tix for tonight,   wanna go?

i may have some u2 tix for tonight,   wanna go?

you're right though...it seems like bo and i are always on the opposite side 
of each other. 

fyi : bo is a big put buyer and fence seller today.  though he is trying to 
defend j.  

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/29/2001 09:22:15 PM
agree on view. as u cud tell i got a little less bearish for a bit so i delta
hedged and day traded to keep from losing a ton, let go og the delta after aga
number which was exactly on my forecast still implying 7.5 bcf swing(i 
actually
thot it could have been worse so my range pre was 5-12 basis past cupla weeks
aga. that said i with you took my lumps. having a very good month in petro
helped me hold on to natgas shit p&l. got most of it back now tho.trying to be
more patient.
    think we hold 5.20's  for another week or so-must be plenty chopped up
traders mite mean we lose some momentum for a bit.
    what the hell was going on today between you and bo(seems i see this more
and more)? how come he always seems to be fighting you on this stuff. if he
would go the same way as you(and i) this mkt would just crap. either way im
unwinding-gonna be making a jump soon(thats p&c for the moment). will keep u
informed of course.
  power gen up 3% last week and cal rate hikes the kiss of death for demand in
cal this summer i think

John.Arnold@enron.com on 03/29/2001 07:45:02 PM

Wow, what a week so far.  Beauty of a short squeeze early on.  Even some of
the biggest bears I know were covering to reestablish when the market lost
its upward momentum.  Unfortunately, my boat is too big to play that way.
Takes too long to put the size of the position I manage on or off to play
that game.  just had to sit back and take my lumps. couldnt have been a
more bearish aga # in my opinion.  got one more decent one and then watch
out below.  amazing that we've had more demand destruction recently.  the
economy is the 800 pound gorilla that is sitting on nat gas and it aint
getting up.

In regards to gas:
what signals do you for in determining your view?
what resources do you use to formulate a price view?
give example of complex transaction you've structured for a customer.
where is storage now relative to history? what is the highest and lowest 
level we've been at in past 5 years?
what are your short, medium, and long term views of gas market?
what major basis changes have occured in the market over the past 5 years? 
What do you expect in the next 5?
how should a storage operator decide whether or not to inject on any given 
day?

In regards to derivatives in order of difficulty
What are delta/gamma/theta?
if you buy a put spread, is your delta positive, negative, or zero?
Is swap price equal to simple average of futures contracts?
If interest rates go up what happens to option prices all else equal?
what is the value of a european $1 call expiring in 12 months if 
corresponding futures are trading $5?
what happens to delta of an option if volatility increase?

Jeanie Slone was telling me that you were among the best interviewers in the 
trading group.  Because of your expertise in this area, I was wondering if 
you could help me put some technical questions together that you've found to 
be effective in interviewing Gas Traders.

Norma Hasenjager is in our Omaha office needs this information ASAP in order 
to help her screen some candidates.  It would be great if you could respond 
to this with two or three questions that you've used in the past to select 
good Gas Traders.

Thanks for your help.

Tom Wilbeck
EWS Training and Development

Ina:
Can you set up a 5 minute mtg with me and all of the assistants and runners 
in regards to what we discussed this week

thanks

John/Dutch

There are currently 3 counterparties which would like to have the ability to 
trade financial gas with Enron but that credit has closed on the ICE platform.

AES NewEnergy, Inc.   No Master
Trafigura Derivatives Limited  Poor credit quality
e prime, inc.    Poor credit quality

Regards,
tm

I understand you are out of one of the wines.  Please fill remaining order.  
thanks, john

sales@cortlandtwines.com on 03/25/2001 06:16:00 PM
Thank you for your order.
Your order is number 35257 placed on 3/25/2001.
Here are the items you selected:

SKU | Qty | Producer | Product Name | Price | Extended Price
5711 | 4 | Matanzas Creek Merlot | $49.99 | $199.96

5353 | 4 | Matanzas Creek Merlot | $59.99 | $239.96

6035 | 4 | Altesino Super Tuscan | $35.00 | $140.00

Total Shipping:
Total Tax: $0.00

The total for your order: $579.92

Here is the contact information we have for you:
Please make a note of your Customer ID and Password for future purchases.

        Name: John Arnold
     Address: 909 Texas Ave #1812
              Houston, TX  77002
     USA
       Email: jarnold@enron.com
       Phone: 713 229 9278

APPROPRIATE SALES TAX WILL BE APPLIED.
SHIPPING CHARGES WILL BE ADDED TO ORDER SEPARATELY.

If there is a problem, please call us.

Thank you.

Cortlandt Wines.Spirits
447 Albany Post Rd
Croton on Hudson, NY 10520
Sales: 914.271.7788
Fax: 914.271.4414
Email: sales@cortlandtwines.com
WWW: http://www.cortlandtwines.com/

no actually i was here until 700  ... filming a movie

my, my, my, you must have left early yesterday to just have received my 
email.  

Have I told you how much I love it here?  I think I need to move back...

Wow, what a week so far.  Beauty of a short squeeze early on.  Even some of 
the biggest bears I know were covering to reestablish when the market lost 
its upward momentum.  Unfortunately, my boat is too big to play that way.  
Takes too long to put the size of the position I manage on or off to play 
that game.  just had to sit back and take my lumps. couldnt have been a more 
bearish aga # in my opinion.  got one more decent one and then watch out 
below.  amazing that we've had more demand destruction recently.  the economy 
is the 800 pound gorilla that is sitting on nat gas and it aint getting up.  

As long as I own Enron stock, the desks are my colleagues.  Feel free to 
share the info with Hunter and Chris.

	Clayton Vernon @ ENRON
	03/26/2001 03:45 PM
	
John-

My name is Clayton Vernon, and I am the Manager for Models and Forecasts for 
East Power Trading, reporting to Lloyd Will.

I'm helping Research (and Toim Barkley) with a data visualization tool for 
EOL trades, and I wanted for you to know I'd like to make this product 
helpful for you.

In doing so, I'd like to also let my colleagues Chris Gaskill/Hunter Shively 
avail themsevles of this tool. But, I need to find out if the desks are your 
colleagues or, as things shape up, your competitors, since some trades are 
between Enron desks.

Can Chris/Hunter see synopses of all of our EOL gas trades, after the fact?

Clayton Vernon

Kim:
Can I get  4 tix for the following games:
Apr 21 or 22 vs. St Louis
Jun 15 vs Texas
Jun 17 vs Texas
Thanks,
John

The 2001 Astro's season is about to kick-off and Enron Americas Office of the 
Chairman has four tickets to each game available for customer events.

If you are interested in using the tickets, please call Kim Hillis at x30681.

thanks, i'll check it out

Fletcher Sturm <trademup@yahoo.com> on 03/28/2001 08:41:40 PM
johnny,

my new deal p/l from yesterday (tue) looked a little on the high side,?so i 
asked my?guy to double check my deals.? he checked them today and said they 
all checked out.? but, i re-checked?my new gas deals and saw that you filled 
me on 100 n-q at 4.32 instead of 5.32.? i'll have my boy fix it so it'll show 
up tomorrow (thur).? $2 jumbos from me to you!

fletch

p.s.? thanks for all your help with our gas business.?it gives us a 
tremendous advantage against our rivals. you're the king even if you don't 
notice a $2 million error on one trade.

Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Mail Personal Address -  Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.

http://gasfundy.corp.enron.com/gas/framework/default.asp

will call you tonight

Karen Arnold <klarnold@flash.net> on 03/27/2001 08:09:06 PM
Why did you sell Devon Energy???? I still own it.  should I sell?
Any decision regarding your return?
It is cold and rainy here, high today was 45!!!

John - Could you please alert your back office that they are still invoicing
us on a Nov-Mar strip that was traded on June 20, 2000 at $4.105.  That deal
was cancelled per our discussion and rebooked for half the volume in
November (I beleive it was November).  Your deal number on the rebook is
QF9221.1 I beleive.  I beleive Dutch Quigley on your end was involved when
we originally discussed the deal.

Thanks and call if you have any questions.

Perry A. Piazza
Citibank/Salomon Smith Barney
Global Commodities
390 Greenwich Street, 5th Floor
New York,  NY  10013-2375
Phone: (212) 723-6912 / (212) 723-6979
Fax: (212) 723-8556
E-Mail:  perry.a.piazza@ssmb.com <mailto:perry.a.piazza@ssmb.com>
 

where are you getting those numbers?

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/26/2001 12:56:07 PM
while we're stroking each other on the bear stuff-you notice the weekly y on y
power gen /demand numbers have fallen from double digit increases each week to
now nearly flat to +2% ish each week depstie cold east and hot west.

yes
i dont know.  both have their merits

Jen and Paula are definitely going to NYC for the long weekend.  Think
about what you want to do, and I'll call you tonight to discuss:

Do you want to spend the long weekend with me or do your own thing?
If you want to spend it with me, would you rather go to the beach or
to NYC?

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

Mike:
which one of the hedge funds closes today?

you think that's a valid excuse?   whatever....

yea,  i think the two dumps in the market are when everybody realizes the 
loss of demand, which is in the first 4 inj numbers.  customer buying and 
fear about the summer will keep may at a decent level.  if my theory holds, 
eventually that wont be enough to hold the market up and m pukes.  second 
puke is in the winter when 4th quarter production is 4-5% on y/y basis, 
demand still weak (economic weakness isn't a 3 month problem), industry 
realizes that not only is it ok to get to 500-700 bcf in march but you 
should, and early winter weather will not match 2000.  we develop large y/y 
surplus in x and z.  z futures hold up because some risk premium still exists 
for rest of winter.  by late december, just trying to find a home for gas.  
think decent chance f futures finish with a 2 handle.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/25/2001 08:16:26 PM
f puts?? you mean january?  u mean june and january???

John.Arnold@enron.com on 03/25/2001 07:30:38 PM

just when i'm turning really bearish you're starting to turn bullish on me.
weather to me relatively unimportant.  yes, it will leave us with 30 bcf or
so less in storage than if we had mild weather.  i think it is masking a
major demand problem.  think what the aga numbers would be with moderate
weather.  when we get into injections, i think we'll see a big push down.
spec and trade seem bearish but hesitant to get short.  customer buying
still strong.  thus even with the demand picture becoming clearer, we
haven't moved down.  however i think when the picture becomes clearer (i.e.
-when we start beating last year's injections by 20 bcf a week), trade will
get short.  customers very unsophistocated.  the story they keep telling us
is we're coming out 400 bcf less than last year, thus the summer has to be
strong.  when we start inj, customers will start seeing other side of
story.  pira finally came out this week and said stop buying.  to me, the
mrkt just a timing issue.  i want to be short before the rest of the idiots
get short.  i continue buying m,f puts.  projecting k to settle 450 and m
400.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/23/2001 01:44:10 PM

this strength cud persist awhile-is a little bullish ngas demand since we
now
above parity in some places. shit theres so many things shaking my faith on
the
short bias of this thing. weather hot /west cold est, hydo, califronia,mkt
talking new engl shortages.oil demand cont to show stellar y on y and curve
recoveriung, opec hawkish stance for px support.
  i think we close the y on y gap still significantly but im starting to
question how when,how much and how long prices come off in apr-jun?
thanks god i can trade oil cuz i have made anything in ngas to speak of.
short
term still sort of neutral ngas-beleive we range bound. u prob know this
but
hearing texas rr data coming out pretty bearish prodcution-good news .
regards

just when i'm turning really bearish you're starting to turn bullish on me.  
weather to me relatively unimportant.  yes, it will leave us with 30 bcf or 
so less in storage than if we had mild weather.  i think it is masking a 
major demand problem.  think what the aga numbers would be with moderate 
weather.  when we get into injections, i think we'll see a big push down.  
spec and trade seem bearish but hesitant to get short.  customer buying still 
strong.  thus even with the demand picture becoming clearer, we haven't moved 
down.  however i think when the picture becomes clearer (i.e.-when we start 
beating last year's injections by 20 bcf a week), trade will get short.  
customers very unsophistocated.  the story they keep telling us is we're 
coming out 400 bcf less than last year, thus the summer has to be strong.  
when we start inj, customers will start seeing other side of story.  pira 
finally came out this week and said stop buying.  to me, the mrkt just a 
timing issue.  i want to be short before the rest of the idiots get short.  i 
continue buying m,f puts.  projecting k to settle 450 and m 400.  

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/23/2001 01:44:10 PM
this strength cud persist awhile-is a little bullish ngas demand since we now
above parity in some places. shit theres so many things shaking my faith on 
the
short bias of this thing. weather hot /west cold est, hydo, califronia,mkt
talking new engl shortages.oil demand cont to show stellar y on y and curve
recoveriung, opec hawkish stance for px support.
  i think we close the y on y gap still significantly but im starting to
question how when,how much and how long prices come off in apr-jun?
thanks god i can trade oil cuz i have made anything in ngas to speak of. short
term still sort of neutral ngas-beleive we range bound. u prob know this but
hearing texas rr data coming out pretty bearish prodcution-good news .
regards

We ahave not initiated a 24/7 gas product yet but are creating the 
capabilities to launch at some point in the near future

I received this email and they are inquiring as to the new gas 24/7 
electronic trading.  Has this taken off?  Who is managing it and are there 
any positions associated with it?

Thanks,
Frank

The weekly Rick Buy update this week is on Thursday morning, so we will 
report trading results as of and for the 5 days ended Tuesday, March 20th. 
Please prepare comments on your area's positions and P/L - one to two 
sentences - and e-mail them to me, with a copy to Cassandra Schultz, Veronica 
Valdez and Matthew Adams, no later than noon, Houston time, Wednesday, March 
21st (Tomorrow). 

Those of you who have sub-limits not reflected on the consolidated DPR 
(George in Global Products), and also the new gas 24/7 trader, please provide 
trading results on those as well, including the 5-day and YTD P/L and current 
NOP and VaR on George (Products EOL trading) - and also on _____ whatever 
we're calling the EOL NA Gas auto trader.

Thank you,

Esther
x52456

Warming Up To Green

BY ERIC ROSTON

Breathe in. Hold it. Hold it. O.K., now breathe out.

Unless you're outdoors in the midst of a cold snap, chances are you
can't see
your breath. And no one would ever ask you to drop a quarter in a tin
box for the
right to free this invisible spirit from your lungs. Yet last November,
Murphy Oil
Corp., based in El Dorado, Ark., voluntarily shelled out several hundred
thousand dollars for the right to cough out carbon dioxide, the same
stuff you
exhaled three sentences ago.

The reason it did so is closely related to events that occurred that
same autumn
day, half a world away, at the Hague. Thousands of policymakers and
scientists
from all over the world had gathered, hoping to dot the i's, cross the
zeds and
umlaut the o's on the 1997 Kyoto Protocol to the U.N. Framework
Convention on
Climate Change. The protocol was devised to curb the industrial emission
of six
gases, CO2 among them, that are slowly--actually quickly in geological
terms--turning the earth into a hothouse. But no final accord was
reached.

In this context, Murphy's purchase of options on 210,000 metric tons of
carbon
(the equivalent of annual exhaust from approximately 27,800 cars) from a
Canadian company that was itself trying to help meet a national target
seems a
bit odd. The market for this kind of trade hasn't been established, and
there isn't
even a global agreement on how carbon dioxide should be valued. Indeed
there
isn't even unanimity on global warming itself.

Yet the transaction is emblematic of industry on the verge of an
environmental
transition. Congress may have snubbed the Kyoto accord, and global
bureaucrats may be stumbling over the details of a carbon-emissions
trading
system. But corporations, against the run of play, are beginning to
confront the
climate conundrum the best way they know how--as a business opportunity.
John Browne, CEO of BP Amoco, and Mark Moody-Stuart, chairman of Royal
Dutch/Shell Group, have both responded to the global-warming threat and
set up
internal systems that exceed goals put forth in Kyoto. Shell and BP have
vowed
to cut their greenhouse-gas emissions 10% each--nearly twice the Kyoto
target--Shell by 2002, BP by 2010. "This isn't an act of altruism," says
Aidan
Murphy of Shell. "It's a fundamental strategic issue for our business."

And not theirs alone. A growing number of corporations, from IBM to your
neighborhood Kinko's, are reducing their greenhouse footprints. DuPont
is
pledging to knock its emissions 65% below 1990 levels by 2010. "There's
been a
shift in the center of gravity in the U.S. corporate community since
Kyoto," says
Alden Meyer of the Union of Concerned Scientists. "Now the view is that
climate
change is serious and we ought to do something about it."

There are a few ways of doing that: invest in renewable energy sources
and "cap
and trade" emissions. That is, set ceilings for worldwide greenhouse-gas
emission
and let nations either sell emission credits if they emit below their
allowance or
buy credits if they exceed permitted levels. The theory is that the
pursuit of
greenbacks will fuel greener business. "Whenever you turn a pollution
cut into a
financial asset," says Joseph Goffman, an attorney at Environmental
Defense,
"people go out and make lots of pollution cuts."

Even where green fervor is of a paler shade, corporations are viewing
the
potential for global regulation as a business risk they need to
consider. Witness
Claiborne Deming, Murphy's CEO, who doesn't see the science of global
warming
as solid enough yet to cry havoc. But Deming hears shareholders
clamoring and
the bureaucrats buzzing. Someone may ask his company to put more than a
quarter in that box when it wants to exhale more than its allotted
amount of CO2.

Breathe in. Hold it. You know the drill.

How much CO2 did you just exhale? Tricky question. Yet that's analogous
to the
one businesses are struggling with on a massive scale. Until they figure
it out,
companies interested in trading will be on their own to determine 1) how
you
buy the right to emit a gas that has no standard of measurement and 2)
how to do
so when no nation currently assigns a CO2 property right. "It's risky as
hell," says
Deming.

Many groups are working to mitigate that risk. The World Resources
Institute
and others are road-testing a system that would make trading less risky
by
creating universal carbon-accounting practices. And four
companies--Arthur
Andersen, Credit Lyonnais, Natsource and Swiss Re--are developing an
exchange
where companies can trade, even in an embryonic market devoid of
legislative
standards. "They're trying to nail down something that will be useful
under laws
that are not yet defined," says Garth Edward, a broker at Natsource, an
energy-trading firm.

The U.S. struggled to introduce a cap-and-trade system into the Kyoto
Protocol,
and achieved it by agreeing to a tough, many say impossible, target:
bringing
emissions 7% below 1990 levels from 2008 to 2012. The irony of the
current
situation is that the Europeans, reluctant to accept trading at first,
have become
its champion; Britain next month will become the first country to embark
on a
national trading system.

Another practice, still hotly debated, is to assign credits for
sequestering carbon
in growing forests. Trees soak up limited amounts of CO2, release oxygen
into the
air and turn carbon into wood.

The Kyoto mechanisms will evaporate without global ratification, thus
setting up
an early environmental test for President Bush, who campaigned against
the
document. But Secretary of State Colin Powell has already heard
preliminary
briefings on the matter as the U.S. preps for the next round of talks,
to be held in
Bonn in mid-July. Bush the First helped pioneer credit trading in 1990,
when he
signed legislation that capped power plants' sulfur dioxide
emissions--the main
ingredient in acid rain--but allowed the plants to swap credits. And
Houston-based Enron, an energy trader whose chairman, Ken Lay, was a
prominent W. campaign adviser, stands to be a huge player in any such
market.
So if it's good for business, Bush the ex-businessman won't need that
big a push.

With him or without him, the monetization of carbon emissions--green for
greed's sake, if nothing else--is gaining momentum. So breathe easy. For
you, it's
still free. But for many companies, the carbon meter will be running
soon. In the
very near future, pollution is going to be either a cost to them or an
opportunity.
  

maybe a drink after work...

Caroline Abramo@ENRON
03/23/2001 07:29 AM
can i grab you for a few minutes after the close to update you on fund stuff. 
also, if you do not have plans tonight.. jen fraser and i were thinking of 
having a little bbq (i am staying with her).. your presence is requested!!  
if not, we are up for a few drinks after work,...

please add

	
	

This is to confirm your attendance for the Friday, March 30, 2001 Executive 
Forum to be hosted by The Office of the Chairman.  The Forum will begin at 
2:30 p.m. and ends at 4:00 p.m. in the Enron Building 50M.   

If you have any additional questions, please feel free to give me a call.  

Thank you.

Debbie Nowak
Executive Development
713.853.3304

confirm

herve.duteil@americas.bnpparibas.com on 03/21/2001 03:02:06 PM
John,

Further to our telephone conversation today, this is to confirm in writing 
that
you agreed to kill EOL Deal #1025253 @ 2:03 PM.  This trade was not confirmed 
to
me by EOL, neither reported into "Today's transaction" section.  (Therefore I
entered into a duplicate trade on EOL @ 2:06 PM which we agree on)

Thank you for you cooperation, and best regards,

Herve P.E. Duteil

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
 
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.

Hey:
Recounted...Can I get 50-60 invites and would need formal invites for 
Friday??????

There will be a corporate lounge for you to congregate in.  Does that sound 
good?  No problem on the thrity tickets.  I will hold them for you.  Let me 
know if you don't think yo uwill be needing all of them. I can also get you 
the formal invitations to send out if you would like.

	John Arnold@ECT
	03/19/2001 11:22 AM
		
On Friday, will there be a private reception or area for us or will our 
customers get lost in the crowd?
Probably thinking 30 invites for Friday.  Is that ok?

Hey Buster,

Hope you had a great time in Cabo! I'm so jealous.  I need a vacation 
desperately!  

I'm trying to get a commitment on numbers from the different groups for the 
Guggenheim events.  Will you look over this document and tell me which ones 
you would like to attend and how many people you would like to bring to each? 
Of course, I need it ASAP -- what's new, right?!!

Thanks honey! Margaret

yes but getting haircut until 700.  is it too dark then?

Do you have any interest in going roller blading with me after work?

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

 - C.DTF

use 380

   
	
	

CSFB informed us today that their Appalachia hedging deal will likely happen 
in the next two weeks. The deal, in short, involves Enron buying an average 
volume of 11,500 mmBtu/d at TCO and 5,500 mmBtu/d at CNG for 12 years and 1 
month from Dec00. 
CSFB would like to get an idea of where the market is now. I've attached a 
spreadsheet that details the volumes, which decline with time. Could you 
please provide indicative prices, as of tonight's close. 
Thanks,
Russ

sure

today sucks--friday after the close?

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

how bout today at 400

when can i come by and have a detailed discussion with you re fundamentals--i 
am very interested in your opinions and i dont get here them in the TR meeting

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

Looks good.  certainly an area we need more focus on.  Obviously the most 
important aspect of lng is how much gas is coming in, what is that relative 
to last year, and what new capacity is coming longer term.  
As an aside, nat gas trades as a funciton of the storage spread to last year 
and five year averages.  It would be very useful if all fundamental analysis 
were geared the same way.  The fact that lng shipments are x this week is 
meaningless.  the fact that they are y delta of last year is extremely 
useful.  if you noticed in the fundies meeting, i was trying to move 
discussion that way.  what's switching vis a vis last year.   whats 
production relative to last year.  it simplifies the fundamental analysis.

An initial effort--please comment

 << File: LNG20010312.pdf >> 

how bout today at 400

when can i come by and have a detailed discussion with you re fundamentals--i 
am very interested in your opinions and i dont get here them in the TR meeting

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

Looks good.  certainly an area we need more focus on.  Obviously the most 
important aspect of lng is how much gas is coming in, what is that relative 
to last year, and what new capacity is coming longer term.  
As an aside, nat gas trades as a funciton of the storage spread to last year 
and five year averages.  It would be very useful if all fundamental analysis 
were geared the same way.  The fact that lng shipments are x this week is 
meaningless.  the fact that they are y delta of last year is extremely 
useful.  if you noticed in the fundies meeting, i was trying to move 
discussion that way.  what's switching vis a vis last year.   whats 
production relative to last year.  it simplifies the fundamental analysis.

An initial effort--please comment

 << File: LNG20010312.pdf >> 

Do you have interest in having a semi formal party at the guggenheim for our 
ny counterparties?  was thinking it might be a good pr move.
There will be a corporate lounge for you to congregate in.  Does that sound 
good?  No problem on the thrity tickets.  I will hold them for you.  Let me 
know if you don't think yo uwill be needing all of them. I can also get you 
the formal invitations to send out if you would like.

	John Arnold@ECT
	03/19/2001 11:22 AM
		
On Friday, will there be a private reception or area for us or will our 
customers get lost in the crowd?
Probably thinking 30 invites for Friday.  Is that ok?

Hey Buster,

Hope you had a great time in Cabo! I'm so jealous.  I need a vacation 
desperately!  

I'm trying to get a commitment on numbers from the different groups for the 
Guggenheim events.  Will you look over this document and tell me which ones 
you would like to attend and how many people you would like to bring to each? 
Of course, I need it ASAP -- what's new, right?!!

Thanks honey! Margaret

seeing no increase in physical demand from industrials.  however, they cant=
=20
buy enough paper.  energy customer deal flow has a conspicuous habit of=20
buying high and selling low.  seeing virtually no producer selling.  strip=
=20
will continue to be well supported through early spring.  last year custome=
rs=20
sold all the way up, transferring their price risk to marketers and specs. =
=20
market for most part was very orderly move up during the summer.  volatilit=
y=20
was in the pukes because everybody was long.  now, customers are all buying=
. =20
move down should be orderly as is met with a lot of short covering from tra=
de=20
and volatility should come from short covering moves like today's. =20
market waiting to see those first two injection numbers.  if we are beating=
=20
last year by 20 bcf, lights out.  move down may also scare producers to do=
=20
some term selling, putting pressure on whole curve. =20

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/20/2001 03:21:41 PM

maybe yur rite but 47% for sep  still over  valued. ive ve been buying deep=
=20
otm
(jun and july 4.00 strikeputs as well. collpse in oil curve gives me a litt=
le
more confidence eventually we follow.but agree its a little early.i say we=
=20
draw
this week 30 ish, lhand next week a small draw then builds-and if im rite s=
hud
be substantial from there. i was long twice near 5 bucks but saw no rally s=
o i
sold for nothing-shit-no patience
    any indication industrial demand on the rise from the cxustomer side?
certainly numbers /withdrawels suggest not.. the weather has been lousy for=
=20
the
shotrs-cudnt be more construcictve-cold east hot west-terrific. but while t=
he
ranks are bullis/concerned over californication-those fukkers are outta gas=
=20
and
power anyway shud be more of an east west issue than anything-they conitue
ultimate px/economy  destruction-in a way bearish.
think mite be worth going long straddles in a week or so
regards

John.Arnold@enron.com on 03/20/2001 04:06:55 PM

heffner how?
was pretty long coming into today just playing the range.  sold everything
on the way up.  will be s scale up seller probably through options.
certainly a short squeeze in trade today and i don;t think anything changes
tomorrow except maybe trade gets more confident in the short at the higher
level and if cash rejects higher prices.
will be buying lots of puts on the way up so i guess for me vol is not too
high.  i was short vol and covered it all this morn.  think we could be in
for some turbulence here

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/20/2001 10:48:43 AM

vol seems rich here for ngas no/ what do we do here with flat price? how
was
cabo?

Scsotc@aol.com on 03/20/2001 08:18:54 AM

The attached report will be downloaded into microsoft word.

Have a nice day.

Regards,

SCS

   S.C.S. Straddle Report for CL as of 3/19/2001
                      Option         Future
      Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
OTMP           2200       1  159.2
 STD  APR01    2650      40   50.0    2674
OTMC           2700      10   55.5

OTMP           2500      45   39.5
 STD  MAY01    2700     228   37.2    2692
OTMC           2900      43   37.4

OTMP           2450      66   38.9
 STD  JUN01    2700     315   36.4    2699
OTMC           3000      57   36.2

OTMP           2450      87   36.9
 STD  JUL01    2700     370   35.3    2698
OTMC           3100      63   36.1

OTMP           2400      99   36.6
 STD  AUG01    2700     423   34.9    2683
OTMC           3150      72   35.6

OTMP           2350     108   36.7
 STD  SEP01    2650     458   34.4    2664
OTMC           3200      75   35.0

OTMP           2300     116   36.7
 STD  OCT01    2600     488   33.8    2642
OTMC           3200      83   34.2

OTMP           2300     131   36.0
 STD  NOV01    2600     512   33.7    2620
OTMC           3200      90   34.2

OTMP           2250     131   35.3
 STD  DEC01    2600     527   32.6    2597
OTMC           3200      94   33.3

OTMP           2200     130   34.9
 STD  JAN02    2600     570   33.5    2574
OTMC           3000     139   32.9

OTMP           2200     140   33.7
 STD  FEB02    2550     535   30.3    2551

OTMP           2100     148   31.5
 STD  JUN02    2450     560   28.6    2456
OTMC           3300      84   30.4

OTMP           2000     163   28.7
 STD  DEC02    2350     612   27.9    2328
OTMC           3000     115   27.4

OTMP           1900     174   25.1
 STD  DEC03    2250     628   24.9    2198

   S.C.S. Straddle Report for HO as of 3/19/2001
                      Option         Future
      Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
 STD  APR01    7000     368   41.8    7038
OTMC           7400      80   47.4

 STD  MAY01    7000     645   35.9    6885
OTMC           7500     128   38.4

 STD  JUN01    7000     816   34.2    6870
OTMC           7700     134   34.2

OTMP           6800     425   33.9
 STD  JUL01    6900     988   34.1    6910
OTMC           8000     188   37.4

OTMP           6800     462   33.6
 STD  AUG01    7000    1105   33.9    6965
OTMC           8200     209   36.4

OTMP           6600     409   33.9
 STD  SEP01    7000    1236   33.9    7040
OTMC           8900     184   37.8

OTMP           6600     431   33.9
 STD  OCT01    7100    1348   33.9    7110
OTMC           8800     251   37.3

   S.C.S. Straddle Report for HU as of 3/19/2001
                      Option         Future
      Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
OTMP           8400      97   42.6
 STD  APR01    8700     467   42.7    8743
OTMC           9200      84   44.3

   S.C.S. Straddle Report for NG as of 3/19/2001
                      Option         Future
      Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
OTMP           4750      46   47.8
 STD  APR01    5000     305   48.4    5035
OTMC           5250      76   50.1

OTMP           4600     122   48.1
 STD  MAY01    5050     612   47.0    5062
OTMC           5750      95   47.9

OTMP           4550     178   47.5
 STD  JUN01    5100     802   46.3    5092
OTMC           5950     147   48.0

OTMP           4500     219   47.2
 STD  JUL01    5150     990   47.4    5132
OTMC           6200     192   49.3

OTMP           4450     241   46.1
 STD  AUG01    5150    1118   46.7    5152
OTMC           6500     195   48.6

OTMP           4400     291   47.1
 STD  SEP01    5150    1267   47.7    5132
OTMC           6500     256   49.4

OTMP           4250     281   47.5
 STD  OCT01    5150    1393   48.7    5137
OTMC           6000     434   50.7

OTMP           4500     379   47.1
 STD  NOV01    5250    1470   48.2    5257
OTMC           7500     284   54.4

OTMP           4500     388   47.0
 STD  DEC01    5450    1661   48.4    5377
OTMC           6750     451   50.8

 STD  SEP02    2700    2003   42.2    4519

 STD  DEC02    2950    2131   44.4    4730

OTMP           2700     141   37.6
 STD  MAR03    2750    1928   37.6    4459
OTMC           4750     410   48.2

=0F:

Debbie:
If you have availability for either session, please sign me up.  I was unsu=
re=20
I would be able to attend until now, hence the late notice.
Thanks,
John

  =20
The Office of the Chairman would like to invite you to participate at an=20
Enron Executive Forum.  This invitation is extended to
anyone who attended an Executive Impact and Influence Program within the pa=
st=20
two years.  These informal, interactive forums
will be 90 minutes in length and held several times per year.

Most of the participants in the Executive Impact and Influence program have=
=20
indicated a strong desire to express opinions, share
ideas, and ask questions to the Office of the Chairman. Although not=20
mandatory to attend, the forums are designed to address those issues.  They=
=20
also afford the Office of the Chairman opportunities to speak directly to i=
ts=20
executive team, describe plans and initiatives, do =01&reality checks=018, =
create a=20
=01&rallying point=018 and ensure Enron=01,s executive management is on the=
 =01&same=20
page=018 about where Enron is going---and why.

To accommodate anticipated demand, we currently have two sessions:

Choice: (Please rank in order of preference 1 or 2 for a session below.  Yo=
u=20
will attend only one session.)

______ Thursday, March 29, 2001 from 2:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. in EB50M

______ Friday, March 30, 2001 from 2:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. in EB50M

The Office of the Chairman will host the forum. Here=01,s how it will work:
? Each session will have approximately 20 participants.
? The format will be honest, open, interactive dialogue.
? This will be your forum. Don=01,t expect to simply sit and listen to=20
presentations.=20
? This will not be the place for anonymity. You can safely ask your own=20
questions and express your own opinions.
? You can submit questions/issues in advance or raise them during the forum=
.
? Some examples of topics you might want to discuss include, but are not=20
limited to: the direction of Enron, business   goals/results, M&A activitie=
s,=20
projects/initiatives, culture, leadership, management practices, diversity,=
=20
values, etc.

Because the forum will work only if everyone actively participates, we=20
encourage you to accept this invitation only if you=20
intend to have something to say and if you are willing to allow others to d=
o=20
the same. For planning purposes, it is essential that=20
you RSVP no later than Friday, March 16, 2001 by return e-mail to Debbie=20
Nowak, or via fax 713.646.8586. =20

Once we have ensured an even distribution of participants throughout these=
=20
sessions, we will confirm with you, in writing,
as to what session you will attend.  We will try to honor requests for firs=
t=20
choices as much as possible. =20

Should you have any questions or concerns, please notify Gerry Gibson by=20
e-mail (gerry.gibson@enron.com).  Gerry can also be reached at 713.345.6806=
.

Thank you.

i rsvp
You are cordially invited to attend cocktails and dinner on April 10, 2001 at 
La Colombe d'Or restaurant located at 3410 Montrose Blvd (a map can be found 
at www.lacolombedor.com).  Cocktail hour will start at 7:00 pm with dinner to 
follow.  

Please note:  this dinner is for the Trading Track Program.

Please RSVP to Ted Bland at extension 3-5275 before April 6, 2001.

Looks good.  certainly an area we need more focus on.  Obviously the most 
important aspect of lng is how much gas is coming in, what is that relative 
to last year, and what new capacity is coming longer term.  
As an aside, nat gas trades as a funciton of the storage spread to last year 
and five year averages.  It would be very useful if all fundamental analysis 
were geared the same way.  The fact that lng shipments are x this week is 
meaningless.  the fact that they are y delta of last year is extremely 
useful.  if you noticed in the fundies meeting, i was trying to move 
discussion that way.  what's switching vis a vis last year.   whats 
production relative to last year.  it simplifies the fundamental analysis.

An initial effort--please comment

Andy:
Good to hear.  There continue to be a proliferation of new systems coming 
online in the US; two more start in the next two months.  We are pretty close 
to finalizing a plan to open our system to everyone in terms of accepting 
limit orders and posting best bid/offer regardless of whose it is.  In this 
framework, Enron would sleeve credit for free should two third parties be 
matched on our system.  However, we would hold the book, getting to see what 
everyone was doing at all times.  The idea is that if we can move the 
industry's order flow from 30-40% EOL to 60% EOL, we get a huge information 
advantage in addition to a couple trading advantages, namely we have first 
priority on all numbers even if we are joining a limit bid posted by a 
counterparty before us and second, we posess a proprietary stack manager that 
will allow us to transact on attractive limit orders faster than our 
competitors.  Still working on technical issues.  The decision to open EOL 
markets would be done on a product by product basis.  Give me a call if you 
want to discuss.

Andrew Fairley
03/13/2001 11:14 AM
John

Redmond & I have now had a few weeks to implement some of your advice with 
regard to EOL for UK gas.
We have managed to double our average daily volumes, and are capturing a 
considerably greater share of the market. (We estimate 50% now).
Spectron are getting about 20-30% of the number of trades we do. There are 
still some counterparties who insist on paying through our numbers and paying 
brokerage so they do not show us what we are doing!  As far as we are 
concerned we only use SpectronLive on UK gas when we are  executing the 
strategy you mentioned below. 

Once again, thanks for your help
All the best,

Andy

John Arnold
21/02/2001 04:26
Andy:
Enjoyed meeting with you.  

One more thing I did not address.  My ultimate goal is to move all volume to 
EOL.  However, in addition to the NYMEX, we have about 6 other viable 
electronic trading systems.  We make it a point to never support these if 
possible.  We will only trade if the other system's offer is at or greater 
than our bid.  For instance, if we are 6/8 but have a strong inclination to 
buy and another system is at 7, I will simultaneously lift their 7's and move 
my market to 7/9.  The lesson the counterparty gets is he will only get the 
trade if I'm bidding 7 and he will only get executed when it is a bad trade 
to him.  People have learned fairly quickly not to leave numbers on the other 
systems because they will just get picked off.  If they don't post numbers on 
the other systems, the systems get no liquidity and die.

I mention this because I have heard that Enron is a fairly large trader on 
Spectron's system.  I don't know whether it is in regards to gas, power, or 
metals.  Just something to think about and maybe talk about with the other 
traders.
John

Andrew Fairley
02/20/2001 11:15 AM
Thank you so much for your time last week.

David and I found the time especially valuable. We have spotted several 
issues helpful for our own market.
This should certainly help in the growth of our markets here in Europe. We 
trust it won't be too long before we see similarly impressive results from 
our side of the pond.

Best regards 

Andy

heffner how?
was pretty long coming into today just playing the range.  sold everything =
on=20
the way up.  will be s scale up seller probably through options.  certainly=
 a=20
short squeeze in trade today and i don;t think anything changes tomorrow=20
except maybe trade gets more confident in the short at the higher level and=
=20
if cash rejects higher prices. =20
will be buying lots of puts on the way up so i guess for me vol is not too=
=20
high.  i was short vol and covered it all this morn.  think we could be in=
=20
for some turbulence here

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/20/2001 10:48:43 AM

vol seems rich here for ngas no/ what do we do here with flat price? how wa=
s
cabo?

Scsotc@aol.com on 03/20/2001 08:18:54 AM

The attached report will be downloaded into microsoft word.

Have a nice day.

Regards,

SCS

   S.C.S. Straddle Report for CL as of 3/19/2001
                      Option         Future
      Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
OTMP           2200       1  159.2
 STD  APR01    2650      40   50.0    2674
OTMC           2700      10   55.5

OTMP           2500      45   39.5
 STD  MAY01    2700     228   37.2    2692
OTMC           2900      43   37.4

OTMP           2450      66   38.9
 STD  JUN01    2700     315   36.4    2699
OTMC           3000      57   36.2

OTMP           2450      87   36.9
 STD  JUL01    2700     370   35.3    2698
OTMC           3100      63   36.1

OTMP           2400      99   36.6
 STD  AUG01    2700     423   34.9    2683
OTMC           3150      72   35.6

OTMP           2350     108   36.7
 STD  SEP01    2650     458   34.4    2664
OTMC           3200      75   35.0

OTMP           2300     116   36.7
 STD  OCT01    2600     488   33.8    2642
OTMC           3200      83   34.2

OTMP           2300     131   36.0
 STD  NOV01    2600     512   33.7    2620
OTMC           3200      90   34.2

OTMP           2250     131   35.3
 STD  DEC01    2600     527   32.6    2597
OTMC           3200      94   33.3

OTMP           2200     130   34.9
 STD  JAN02    2600     570   33.5    2574
OTMC           3000     139   32.9

OTMP           2200     140   33.7
 STD  FEB02    2550     535   30.3    2551

OTMP           2100     148   31.5
 STD  JUN02    2450     560   28.6    2456
OTMC           3300      84   30.4

OTMP           2000     163   28.7
 STD  DEC02    2350     612   27.9    2328
OTMC           3000     115   27.4

OTMP           1900     174   25.1
 STD  DEC03    2250     628   24.9    2198

   S.C.S. Straddle Report for HO as of 3/19/2001
                      Option         Future
      Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
 STD  APR01    7000     368   41.8    7038
OTMC           7400      80   47.4

 STD  MAY01    7000     645   35.9    6885
OTMC           7500     128   38.4

 STD  JUN01    7000     816   34.2    6870
OTMC           7700     134   34.2

OTMP           6800     425   33.9
 STD  JUL01    6900     988   34.1    6910
OTMC           8000     188   37.4

OTMP           6800     462   33.6
 STD  AUG01    7000    1105   33.9    6965
OTMC           8200     209   36.4

OTMP           6600     409   33.9
 STD  SEP01    7000    1236   33.9    7040
OTMC           8900     184   37.8

OTMP           6600     431   33.9
 STD  OCT01    7100    1348   33.9    7110
OTMC           8800     251   37.3

   S.C.S. Straddle Report for HU as of 3/19/2001
                      Option         Future
      Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
OTMP           8400      97   42.6
 STD  APR01    8700     467   42.7    8743
OTMC           9200      84   44.3

   S.C.S. Straddle Report for NG as of 3/19/2001
                      Option         Future
      Month  Strike     Set    Vol     Set
OTMP           4750      46   47.8
 STD  APR01    5000     305   48.4    5035
OTMC           5250      76   50.1

OTMP           4600     122   48.1
 STD  MAY01    5050     612   47.0    5062
OTMC           5750      95   47.9

OTMP           4550     178   47.5
 STD  JUN01    5100     802   46.3    5092
OTMC           5950     147   48.0

OTMP           4500     219   47.2
 STD  JUL01    5150     990   47.4    5132
OTMC           6200     192   49.3

OTMP           4450     241   46.1
 STD  AUG01    5150    1118   46.7    5152
OTMC           6500     195   48.6

OTMP           4400     291   47.1
 STD  SEP01    5150    1267   47.7    5132
OTMC           6500     256   49.4

OTMP           4250     281   47.5
 STD  OCT01    5150    1393   48.7    5137
OTMC           6000     434   50.7

OTMP           4500     379   47.1
 STD  NOV01    5250    1470   48.2    5257
OTMC           7500     284   54.4

OTMP           4500     388   47.0
 STD  DEC01    5450    1661   48.4    5377
OTMC           6750     451   50.8

 STD  SEP02    2700    2003   42.2    4519

 STD  DEC02    2950    2131   44.4    4730

OTMP           2700     141   37.6
 STD  MAR03    2750    1928   37.6    4459
OTMC           4750     410   48.2

=0F:

SOblander@carrfut.com on 03/20/2001 07:05:45 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Please look at the improved natural gas matrices.

Crude     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/crude33.pdf
Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/ngas33.pdf
Distillate     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/hoil33.pdf
Unleaded     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/unlded33.pdf

Nat Gas Strip Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/StripmatrixNG33.pdf
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixNG33.pdf

Crude and Products Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixCL33.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

hey podner:
where are you buying me dinner tonight?

wanna bring me back to work?

Matthew Arnold

03/19/2001 03:25 PM

halleleujah.  want to bring it by later?

John Arnold
03/19/2001 03:23 PM
you'll be happy to know i get my car back today

just got it today.   thanks

John -

I had our Alternative Investments Group ship the offering materials for 4
different hedge funds to your office, and I wanted to confirm that you
received them.  Please let me know.

Thanks,
> Michael Gapinski
> Account Vice President
> Emery Financial Group
> PaineWebber, Inc.
> 713-654-0365
> 800-553-3119 x365
> Fax: 713-654-1281
> Cell: 281-435-0295
>

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

you'll be happy to know i get my car back today

dinner this week?  i'm free mon-wed

On Friday, will there be a private reception or area for us or will our 
customers get lost in the crowd?
Probably thinking 30 invites for Friday.  Is that ok?

Hey Buster,

Hope you had a great time in Cabo! I'm so jealous.  I need a vacation 
desperately!  

I'm trying to get a commitment on numbers from the different groups for the 
Guggenheim events.  Will you look over this document and tell me which ones 
you would like to attend and how many people you would like to bring to each? 
Of course, I need it ASAP -- what's new, right?!!

Thanks honey! Margaret

remove me from your email list

Shirley Sklar <shirley.sklar@idrc.org> on 03/15/2001 01:13:13 PM
Attached is an invitation from the IDRC Houston Chapter.

The following section of this message contains a file attachment
prepared for transmission using the Internet MIME message format.
If you are using Pegasus Mail, or any another MIME-compliant system,
you should be able to save it or view it from within your mailer.
If you cannot, please ask your system administrator for assistance.

   ---- File information -----------
     File:  HOUSTON41001.doc
     Date:  15 Mar 2001, 13:59
     Size:  71680 bytes.
     Type:  Unknown

 - HOUSTON41001.doc

cash goes out trading +1 to +3  j/k a piece

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/15/2001 08:31:31 AM
hey i cant get eol on my hotel int connection. cud u tell me what delta for 
hub
cash was yest am and this am??? thanks

ps also saw u in fortune magazine-back of your head. your famous dude.

John.Arnold@enron.com on 03/15/2001 09:27:09 AM

so argument more switching than outright lost demand?    where are petro
prices on a comparable equivalence?

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/15/2001 08:17:02 AM

enjoy cabo-im not really surpised at lack of dmand recovery-will be slow to
recover esp with failing econ growth. the one thing concerns me about bear
side
is implied demand for us petro products is huge. doesnt seem to suggest an
econmic impact on that side. having said that absulte px for petro much
much
lower relative to natgas

i have a very pretty back of the head

cash went out around 2-4 back yesterday.
today it is 3 back right now
bo trying to sell j/k at 4.5 on the open

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/15/2001 08:31:31 AM
hey i cant get eol on my hotel int connection. cud u tell me what delta for 
hub
cash was yest am and this am??? thanks

ps also saw u in fortune magazine-back of your head. your famous dude.

John.Arnold@enron.com on 03/15/2001 09:27:09 AM

so argument more switching than outright lost demand?    where are petro
prices on a comparable equivalence?

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/15/2001 08:17:02 AM

enjoy cabo-im not really surpised at lack of dmand recovery-will be slow to
recover esp with failing econ growth. the one thing concerns me about bear
side
is implied demand for us petro products is huge. doesnt seem to suggest an
econmic impact on that side. having said that absulte px for petro much
much
lower relative to natgas

so argument more switching than outright lost demand?    where are petro 
prices on a comparable equivalence?

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/15/2001 08:17:02 AM
enjoy cabo-im not really surpised at lack of dmand recovery-will be slow to
recover esp with failing econ growth. the one thing concerns me about bear 
side
is implied demand for us petro products is huge. doesnt seem to suggest an
econmic impact on that side. having said that absulte px for petro much much
lower relative to natgas

heffner a little bullish, eh?

come by whenever

Sarah Wesner@ENRON
12/12/2000 01:31 PM
John - I need to talk to you about this, are you free today?  Sarah

Stinson:
Can we do the meeting today at 4:00?

agree with contango story .   cash to futures pretty bullish but a picture 
where agressive inj now are bearish later.  so curve should flatten.  also 
back of curve (cal2,3) under a lot of pressure now.  customers will be buying 
all the way down and will get fucked just like last year.  contango has been 
under considerable pressure even with the front falling...any rally should 
result in those snapping in to 4.  good scalp in my opinion.
definitely seeing your side on the $5 level.  surprised we havent gotten more 
demand back as we sit at these lower levels.  
off to cabo today for a long weekend.  kind of exhausted at work right now so 
a much needed break.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/15/2001 07:50:59 AM
i wud think apr shud also start to find support from contangos, storage 
players,
ie pretty attractive contangos given the bullsih mkt sentiment, and spec a
little short will eventually roll. i bullspd a little little at 5.5 just for a
scalp. if cash converges which it shud as we fall in px then shud see sprds 
find
support at the 5-6 ct level/month? ?
    other than that-im still bearish-5 bucks not sustainable longer term and
nothing yet telling me otherwise. economy and oil curve also not going to help
ngas. buying 4.00 summer puts
  thanks for comments on utilites-i'll bet they buy all the way down but i 
think
theyll have so much gas coming at em if we stay at these levels the mkt will
ultiamtely force em to back down.
  in ny yest and today-saw the red hot chili peppers last nite , was awsome,
small place about 1000 fans,maybe for a charity. also here for some of those
covert operations we talked about a while back. wkup.

"jfk51272@yahoo.com" <jfk51272 on 03/14/2001 11:13:41 AM
Wednesday, March 14, 09:13:39 AM PT

Hello jarnold@enron.com,

You have been invited to join jfk51272's Private Group in Yahoo!
Sports Tournament Pick'em.

In order to join the group, just go to
http://tournament.fantasysports.yahoo.com/men, sign up and
choose to Join a Private Group. Then, when prompted, enter the
following information...

Group ID#: 36853
Password: done

We will send you a confirmation with further details once you
have completed the registration process.

Note from jfk51272:
Entry Fee is U.S. $50.00  WINNER TAKE ALL!!!!

--Tournament Pick'em Commissioner
http://tournament.fantasysports.yahoo.com/men

"jfk51272@yahoo.com" <jfk51272 on 03/14/2001 11:13:41 AM
Wednesday, March 14, 09:13:39 AM PT

Hello jarnold@enron.com,

You have been invited to join jfk51272's Private Group in Yahoo!
Sports Tournament Pick'em.

In order to join the group, just go to
http://tournament.fantasysports.yahoo.com/men, sign up and
choose to Join a Private Group. Then, when prompted, enter the
following information...

Group ID#: 36853
Password: done

We will send you a confirmation with further details once you
have completed the registration process.

Note from jfk51272:
Entry Fee is U.S. $50.00  WINNER TAKE ALL!!!!

--Tournament Pick'em Commissioner
http://tournament.fantasysports.yahoo.com/men

houston would be easy    ireland kinda tough

what is the probability of you procuring some U2 tickets? We would dearly 
love to attend the concert in ireland at slane castle in august....I couldn't 
dial fast enough to get them
Jen Fraser

713-853-4759

71

george.ellis@americas.bnpparibas.com on 03/14/2001 08:18:25 AM
Good Morning,

Just a reminder to get your AGA estimates in by Noon EST (11:00 CST) TODAY.

Last Year      -31
Last Week      -73

Thank You,
George Ellis
BNP PARIBAS Commodity Futures, Inc.

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
 
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.

Sorry, have no idea.

Hi John,

I work in Corp. PR and Eric Thode recommended that I drop you and email with 
respect to a question I have about specific trade types that no one seems to 
know the answer to.  I wanted to know if you knew what ST and MLT trades are 
and just so you know, in case it makes a difference, these are in context to 
French power trading.  I know you are extremely busy but if you get a chance 
I would greatly appreciate your comments.  

Thanks, Ann
x54694
  

very funny today...during the free fall, couldn't price jv and xh low enough 
on eol, just kept getting cracked.  when we stabilized, customers came in to 
buy and couldnt price it high enough.  winter versus apr went from +23 cents 
when we were at the bottom to +27 when april rallied at the end even though 
it should have tightened theoretically.  however, april is being supported 
just off the strip.  getting word a lot of utilities are going in front of 
the puc trying to get approval for hedging programs this year.  

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/13/2001 11:07:13 AM
hey johnny. hope all is well. what u think hrere? utuilites buying this break
down? charts look awful but 4.86 ish is next big level.
jut back from skiing in co, fun but took 17 hrs to get home and a 1.5 days to
get there cuz of twa and weather.

what are you doing tonight?

what are you doing tonight

how about benjys?

that's fine

	Heather Alon
	11/01/2000 12:59 PM
	
Hi John,
 John Lavorato needs to leave earlier tonight so we will need to start 
shooting a little earlier today, around 5:00. Will this work for you?

Thanks,
Heather
3-1825
 

just a vicious rumor... my birthday's not till next year.

Jennifer Shipos
03/08/2001 12:22 PM
Tomorrow, eh!  How old are you going to be... 20?

it was almost worth buying a ticket

Someone did win the lottery.  Perhaps I shouldn't watch the news on mute
if I want to get the story straight.

Also...another La Strada brunch this Sunday.  Will it ever end???

---- "Jennifer Brugh" <jmb@triadresources.com> wrote:
> Hi everyone!
>
> It's that time again, yep La Strada time!  On Sunday, March 11th we
> are
> meeting at La Strada on Westheimer at 11:00 to wish farewell to Courtney.
>
> Let me know if you can make it!
>
> Jennifer
>
>

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

Family Holding
Forbes, 03/19/01

The New Forecast For Meteorologists: It's Raining Job Offers --- Energy=20
Trading Firms Snap Up Grads of an Inexact Science; No Blow-Dryer? No Proble=
m
The Wall Street Journal, 03/08/01

ENRON PROVIDES TRADING SERVICES TO MANX ELECTRICITY UNDER NETA
CRL, 03/08/01

Energy Trading Companies Pay Big for Weather Talent, WSJ Says
Bloomberg, 03/08/01

ENRON FAILS TO ATTRACT BIDS FOR 30 PCT STAKE IN INDIAN OIL FIELD
Asia Pulse, 03/07/01

SINGAPORE: PetroChina plans five gas, products lines by 2005.
Reuters English News Service, 03/07/01

Companies People Ideas
Family Holding
BY Phyllis Berman

03/19/2001
Forbes
102
Copyright 2001 Forbes Inc.

Lemuel Green, a flour mill owner, took the excess power from the water-turn=
ed=20
generator at his mill in 1908 and sold it between dusk and midnight to=20
anybody in Alton, Kan. who knew what to do with it. Soon he quit the millin=
g=20
business and started stringing transmission lines across the western part o=
f=20
the state. Before his death in 1930 he had built a utility that lit 56 Kans=
as=20
communities.=20
Kansas City's UtiliCorp United is perhaps the only fourth-generation=20
family-controlled electric utility in the country. Today the outfit, once=
=20
called Missouri Public Service, is headed by Lemuel Green's two=20
great-grandsons.
Richard Green, 46, took over as chief executive in 1985, three years after=
=20
his father's death. At the time Missouri Public Service served 200,000=20
customers in two states and had $245 million in revenues. Richard's brother=
=20
Robert, now 39, joined him three years later.=20
Standing pat was not an option. Deregulation was in the air, and the rules=
=20
were changing. The brothers remade the company. They spent $4 billion buyin=
g=20
utilities in other parts of the U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand.=20
UtiliCorp now serves 4 million customers in seven states and four countries=
.=20
More important, they veered off into other parts of the energy business. In=
=20
1986 they acquired gas properties from Peoples Natural Gas of Omaha and got=
 a=20
two-person gas-trading operation as part of the deal. That little trading=
=20
operation, now a subsidiary called Aquila, turned into something almost as=
=20
valuable as all the rest of the company, with its 4,500 megawatts of power=
=20
generated in some 22 power plants around the country.=20
"My brother and I received strong advice that we would never be able to be=
=20
competitive in this business," says Bob Green. Oh, yeah? Aquila has 1,100=
=20
employees and competes with the likes of Duke, Dynegy and Enron. According =
to=20
Natural Gas Week, Aquila was the fourth-largest power-and-gas marketer in t=
he=20
country last year. Aquila trades a host of other products as well-everythin=
g=20
from weather-condition hedges to bandwidth.=20
Problem: Trading operations require capital just as power plants do. The=20
solution, until now, has been what brother Bob calls "our 'asset lite'=20
strategy. We want to control the capacity, not own it." So Aquila may provi=
de=20
the gas to power a so-called merchant plant, one that produces electricity =
to=20
sell in the market, in return for a claim on its production. But so far=20
Aquila has not been a big player in the most profitable parts of the=20
business-taking on big risk in larger transactions, the way Enron and Dyneg=
y=20
do.=20
What to do? In mid-December UtiliCorp announced that it would offer 19.9% o=
f=20
Aquila to the public, raising capital while creating a market value for its=
=20
trading operation, just as competitors Constellation Energy and Southern=20
Company are doing. The hope is that the new entity will garner a multiple o=
f=20
20 to 45 times earnings. Then, if all were to go as planned, UtiliCorp woul=
d=20
spin off the rest of the operation in a tax-free distribution.=20
The timing looks good. Aquila has no material exposure in the California=20
market. Furthermore, the volatility in that market has been a bonanza for=
=20
many firms that trade power, including Aquila. Its trading subsidiary is th=
e=20
reason UtiliCorp's earnings were up 28% last year, to $206 million, on $29=
=20
billion in sales. UtiliCorp's shares doubled in the past year to $30.=20
But will the California crisis nonetheless poison the market for an Aquila=
=20
stock offering? It might. And UtiliCorp cannot afford to hold its breath in=
=20
the capital markets forever. Even with its "asset-lite" strategy, the compa=
ny=20
is far more leveraged than most utilities, with debt at 56% of capital,=20
versus the 50% norm for electric utilities. The offering is supposed to rai=
se=20
$425 million or so that could be used to pay down a bit of the parent's $2.=
9=20
billion in debt.=20
If Bob Green is walking a financial tightrope, you could never tell it by=
=20
talking to him. "We see this company as our heritage," he says confidently.=
=20
This despite the fact that after seven equity offerings the family's share =
of=20
UtiliCorp is now 4%, down from 15% when Richard took over.=20
Might the Greens lose their heirloom in a takeover battle? They might, but=
=20
they might come out ahead anyway. Look at the family history. Lemuel sold=
=20
some of his utility assets for $6.6 million in 1927 and diversified into=20
California orange groves. The assets were resold to Samuel Insull, the=20
midwestern electricity magnate who came to a bad end when his pyramid of=20
holding companies collapsed during the Depression. Years later, after=20
Congress reacted with a law that busted up multistate electric utilities, B=
ob=20
and Rick's grandfather bought back Lemuel Green's utility properties for a=
=20
song.

Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.=20

The New Forecast For Meteorologists: It's Raining Job Offers --- Energy=20
Trading Firms Snap Up Grads of an Inexact Science; No Blow-Dryer? No Proble=
m
By Chip Cummins
Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal

03/08/2001
The Wall Street Journal
A1
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)

Two years ago, Bradley Hoggatt was heading for an academic career in=20
meteorology, intent on discovering more about how hurricanes form. But just=
=20
before he started working on a doctorate, a very different opportunity blew=
=20
in.=20
Now Mr. Hoggatt forecasts weather for a floor full of M.B.A.s who trade=20
billions of dollars in weather-sensitive energy commodities such as natural=
=20
gas and electricity for Aquila Inc., the trading subsidiary of a big Midwes=
t=20
utility.
With no business background himself, Mr. Hoggatt is also trading complex=20
financial contracts based on his predictions. "I'm putting my money where m=
y=20
mouth is," says the tall, square-shouldered 28-year-old.=20
Weathermen and women have become a hot commodity in the exploding=20
energy-trading business. While off-target forecasts on television may=20
frustrate parents and schools and embarrass politicians, as they did this=
=20
week on the East Coast, they can lose bundles for electricity and natural-g=
as=20
traders. So as trading has boomed, so has demand for trained meteorologists=
,=20
a profession that traditionally hasn't paid all that well and is often the=
=20
butt of jokes.=20
From Wall Street to Houston's Louisiana Street, where many energy companies=
=20
have set up shop, recent graduates are earning twice what they would earn a=
t=20
the National Weather Service or in academia. "The appetite for weather is=
=20
insatiable," says James L. Gooding, director of meteorology at Duke Energy=
=20
Corp. A former NASA scientist, Dr. Gooding will be adding a fourth forecast=
er=20
to his Houston team in the next year.=20
Enron Corp., an energy-trading giant based in Houston, has more than double=
d=20
its staff of weather forecasters to nine in the past three years, plucking=
=20
talent from places like the Weather Channel. Williams Cos., a Tulsa, Okla.,=
=20
competitor, is endowing university fellowships to lure meteorology students=
.=20
And since 1999, Aquila, which is owned by UtiliCorp United Inc., of Kansas=
=20
City, Mo., has hired two other meteorologists from Mr. Hoggatt's alma mater=
,=20
the University of Wisconsin, plus another scientist with a Ph.D. in=20
climatology.=20
That hiring paid off a bit during this week's winter storm in the Northeast=
.=20
While many on the East Coast were getting miscues from TV weathermen on a=
=20
pending, possibly historic blizzard that fizzled in New York and other=20
cities, traders at Aquila simply looked to Mr. Hoggatt.=20
Last Friday, Scott Macrorie, an electricity trader for the Mid-Atlantic=20
region at Aquila, stopped by to see how the storm was progressing. Mr.=20
Hoggatt's team told him temperatures in his region of interest would be low=
er=20
because of the storm, though the snowfall forecast on TV seemed a little=20
high. Sure enough, temperatures fell and snowfall in many cities was less=
=20
than predicted, lifting electricity prices and making Mr. Macrorie a profit=
=20
that he says was in the tens of thousands of dollars.=20
About 500 university students in the U.S. graduate each year with bachelor'=
s=20
degrees in meteorology, according to the American Meteorological Society. A=
n=20
additional 300 or so graduate with masters degrees or doctorates. Until jus=
t=20
a few years ago, those graduates didn't typically have many options: TV for=
=20
those who had the blow-dried look, back-office jobs with the government or =
a=20
handful of private consultants for those who didn't. Research was an option=
.=20
And some airlines and utilities kept a few meteorologists on staff to help=
=20
position airplanes or power-line repair trucks during storms.=20
Now, deep-pocketed trading companies are offering many meteorologists with=
=20
graduate degrees salaries ranging from $60,000 to $90,000. Performance and=
=20
trading bonuses can double or even triple the figure. That compares with th=
e=20
roughly $33,000 the National Weather Service pays a junior forecaster with =
a=20
graduate degree.=20
"It's a bit unusual for meteorologists to have the prospect of lucrative=20
employment after graduation," says John Nielsen-Gammon, a professor of=20
atmospheric sciences at Texas A&M University. "This is a bit of a switch."=
=20
So far, there has been no dearth of meteorological talent available, partly=
=20
because the National Weather Service wrapped up a big expansion project in=
=20
the mid-1990s and slowed hiring. It hires only to replace people who leave,=
=20
about 30 to 50 meteorologists a year.=20
And the high-pressure world of billion-dollar commodity bets isn't for=20
everyone. When Carl Altoe graduated from Penn State, one of the nation's to=
p=20
meteorology programs, he got a heavy sales pitch from Enron. "It's quite an=
=20
impressive place," he says of Enron's trading floor, but he wasn't sure=20
forecasting skills alone would be enough to make the grade. "I would be=20
afraid that if money wasn't made in a hurry, I'd be tossed," says Mr. Altoe=
,=20
who accepted a position with the National Weather Service in Marquette, Mic=
h.=20
For others, having forecasts count puts a new thrill in the old art. After=
=20
two years as a manager at the Weather Channel's Latin American division in=
=20
Atlanta, Jose Marquez posted his resume on an Internet job site run by the=
=20
American Meteorological Society. Enron called.=20
"Have you heard about Enron?" Mr. Marquez remembers being asked. "And I sai=
d,=20
honestly, `No.'"=20
During a visit, Mr. Marquez, a 33-year-old Navy-trained meteorologist, foun=
d=20
Enron's trading floor exhilarating. Enron courted Mr. Marquez heavily,=20
tracking him down three times during his Christmas vacation in Puerto Rico.=
=20
Mr. Marquez decided the sprawling trading floor was just the sort of active=
=20
work place he was looking for. Also, he'd be getting a 10% to 15% boost ove=
r=20
his Weather Channel salary, before potential bonuses from Enron.=20
"I'm getting more money than I would anywhere else," he says.=20
Weather has long affected prices of everything from grain at Chicago's earl=
y=20
commodity markets to the stocks of retail companies on Wall Street. Jon=20
Davis, a meteorologist for Salomon Smith Barney in Chicago, started=20
forecasting the weather for agriculture traders back in 1985.=20
But volatile energy prices have raised the stakes for forecasters who are=
=20
able to gauge air-conditioning use in the summer or natural-gas demand duri=
ng=20
the winter heating season. Meanwhile, all sorts of companies are turning to=
=20
energy traders and Wall Street for "weather derivatives," complex contracts=
=20
used to hedge financial risks associated with the weather. "With every=20
passing year, you do more energy and more energy," Mr. Davis says.=20
Despite big advances in data collection and modeling, betting millions of=
=20
dollars on weather forecasts can still be tricky business. Short-term=20
forecasts are pretty good. Predicting weather two weeks from now is chancy.=
=20
Most meteorologists get their data from the government, particularly the=20
National Weather Service. Many then tweak it with their own interpretations=
=20
or forecasting models.=20
Disappointed last year by poor long-term forecasts from 11 private=20
consultants, Aquila has a contest offering $100,000 to the meteorologist or=
=20
team that can best predict temperatures in 13 major U.S. cities over the=20
course of a year. "I call it the forecast bakeoff," says Mr. Hoggatt.=20
The high stakes also mean more pressure on forecasters. WSI Corp., a=20
Billerica, Mass., weather-forecasting firm, started an energy service last=
=20
year, and Jeffrey A. Shorter, a WSI vice president, says energy clients can=
=20
be less forgiving than his other clients in TV and aviation, especially whe=
n=20
the forecasts are wrong. But, he adds, "presumably, more often than not,=20
we're right."

Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.=20

ENRON PROVIDES TRADING SERVICES TO MANX ELECTRICITY UNDER NETA
2001-03-08 08:43 (New York)

     (The following is a reformatted version of a press release issued
by Enron and received via electronic mail. The release was not confirmed
by the sender.)

ENRON AND MANX ELECTRICITY ANNOUNCE POWER TRADING AGREEMENT

     London, March 8 -- Enron announced today that it has concluded a
long-term power trading agreement with the Manx Electricity Authority
(MEA), representing one of the first deals with an embedded generator
specifically designed for the New Electricity Trading Arrangements
(NETA). Under the agreement Enron will provide 24-hour trading services
to MEA under NETA in an innovative deal structured to maximise the value
of the electricity interconnector between the Isle of Man and UK
mainland.
     The =01A45 million interconnector runs between Bispham in Lancashire
and Douglas on the Isle of Man and is capable of carrying 40MW in each
direction. At 105km it is the longest AC interconnector cable in the
world.
     "The development costs of the interconnector to the UK placed us
under pressure to put the link to the highest and best economic use and
we feel our relationship with Enron has accomplished this" said Mike
Proffitt, Chief Executive of MEA.
     "Our commitment to reducing the price of electricity on the Isle of
Man is firmly embedded in MEA's five year plan and our trading
partnership with Enron will greatly assist us in achieving this goal."
     Richard Lewis, Managing Director of UK gas and power at Enron,
commented: "This is a great transaction for both parties and fits well
into Enron's trading portfolio. MEA will benefit from Enron's expertise
as one of the UK's leading energy traders and will provide us with their
skills as operators of their generation plant and the interconnector. It
is significant in that we believe it is one of the first embedded
generation transactions specially tailored for the new trading
arrangements."

Media Contacts:

Alex Parsons
Enron
Tel: 020 7783 2394

Alison Cottier
Manx Electricity
Tel: 01624 687798

(db)LO
                                     -END-
-0- (CRL) Mar/08/2001 13:43 GMT

Energy Trading Companies Pay Big for Weather Talent, WSJ Says
2001-03-08 06:47 (New York)

     Kansas City, March 8 (Bloomberg) -- The growth of energy
trading floors in the past several years has made meteorology a
glamour profession, even for forecasters who never even intended
to predict the weather on television, the Wall Street Journal
reported.
     Weather affects commodities trading and determines
electricity and natural gas supply and demand. That's why large
energy trading companies like Enron Corp., Williams Cos. and
UtiliCorp United Inc. recruit top weather-forecasting talent, the
paper said. Meteorologists with graduate degrees can command
$60,000 to $90,000 a year, far higher than the $33,000 the
National Weather Service pays a junior staffer.
     Energy traders use in-house weather forecasts to make quick
bets on the direction of electricity and natural gas prices. Fast
and accurate predictions can earn huge profits, the paper said.
     Many meteorologists say they like the pace and action of the
trading floor. While some in the profession work in broadcasting,
most meteorologists labor in the less visible and action-oriented
worlds of academia or government research, the paper said.

(Wall Street Journal 3-8 A1)

ENRON FAILS TO ATTRACT BIDS FOR 30 PCT STAKE IN INDIAN OIL FIELD

03/08/2001
Asia Pulse
(c) Copyright 2001 Asia Pulse PTE Ltd.

NEW DELHI, March 8 Asia Pulse - US energy major Enron Corporation's bid to=
=20
sell its 30 per cent stake in Panna-Mukta and Tapti oil and gas field has m=
et=20
with lukewarm response primarily due to inherent problems with the project.=
=20
Several glitches in the joint venture agreement and disputes with other=20
partners in the joint venture, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and=
=20
Reliance, have kept away international oil giants like Royal Dutch Shell,=
=20
British Petroleum and BHP of Australia, industry sources said.
While Enron is believed to have pegged the sale price of its stake in the=
=20
Indian venture at US$700 million, independent evaluations by various domest=
ic=20
and international companies have discounted the figure between US$250 to=20
US$380 million factoring several pending agreements and unresolved issues,=
=20
sources said.=20
ONGC, which holds 40 per cent stake in the US$900 million venture, Reliance=
,=20
having 30 per cent interest in the gas fields, and Indian Oil Corporation=
=20
(IOC) are among the 4-5 companies that are left in the fray for acquiring=
=20
Enron Oil and Gas India Ltd (EOGIL's) stake in Panna-Mukta and Tapti fields=
.=20
Inspite of over three years of operation, Panna oilfield's processing tarif=
f=20
has not yet been fixed with ONGC and the promoters have not yet reached a=
=20
final agreement on gas transportation cost from Tapti, sources said.=20
Besides, delivery point for Panna has not been determined which has resulte=
d=20
in a 10 per cent revenue loss which the government deducts from the total g=
as=20
revenue of the company.=20
(PTI) 08-03 1002

Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.=20

SINGAPORE: PetroChina plans five gas, products lines by 2005.
By Chen Aizhu

03/07/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.

SINGAPORE, March 8 (Reuters) - PetroChina has mapped out plans for a massiv=
e=20
pipeline gridwork to be in place by 2005 and to ship huge hydrocarbon=20
reserves in China's west to its thriving east, government and industry=20
officials said on Thursday.=20
"A total of five pipelines are planned in the 10th five-year plan=20
(2001-2005), four gas and one for refined oil products," a senior industry=
=20
official told Reuters by telephone from Beijing.
Officials estimated total cost of the projects at 50 billion yuan ($6=20
billion) at least.=20
Topping the agenda and the largest of the five projects is the 4,200-km gas=
=20
trunk line winding eastwards from China's central Asian region Xinjiang to=
=20
the Yangtze River Delta.=20
Construction of the $4.8-billion project is set to start later this year.=
=20
Officials said construction would begin with the 1,600-km eastern section=
=20
from Jinbian in northwest Shaanxi province to Shanghai, where initial gas=
=20
supply is expected to land in 2003.=20
The longer western section connecting Tarim to Jinbian is slated for=20
completion by 2005, officials said.=20
PetroChina aims to move between 12 and 20 billion cubic metres (bcm) of gas=
=20
through the trunkline in 2005.=20
HUGE UNTAPPED RESERVES=20
Officials estimated about 720 bcm of recoverable gas reserves remain in the=
=20
Shan-Gan-Ning and Tarim basins. PetroChina's most recent big discovery in t=
he=20
Sulige field in the northern Ordos basin has proven reserves of 220 bcm.=20
PetroChina is hoping to lure foreign firms to invest in the project,=20
including top three oil majors ExxonMobil , Royal/Dutch Shell Group and BP=
=20
Amoco .=20
Also under planning is a three bcm-per-year gas pipeline from Jinbian to=20
Beijing, Hebei and Shandong. Sources said Shell and PetroChina were jointly=
=20
studying the project.=20
A third gas line is planned from Zhongxian in the gas-rich southwest Sichua=
n=20
to Wuhan and Hunan provinces in central China, officials said.=20
U.S. gas and electricity firm Enron Corp is a joint developer in the Sichan=
=20
gas block, which will send supplies via the proposed 740-km line.=20
Sichuan, which produced 7.995 bcm of gas in 2000, is presently China's top=
=20
gas producer, according to official data.=20
The fourth gas pipe, stretching 953-km eastwards from Qaidam basin to Lanzh=
ou=20
in the northwest, is expected to be operational in May with an annual=20
capacity of two bcm, according to Beijing-based industry newsletter China=
=20
OGP.=20
The project, which targets PetroChina's subsidiary refineries in Lanzhou,=
=20
will cost 2.25 billion yuan, China OGP said.=20
LONGEST PRODUCTS LINE TO MOVE OIL SOUTH=20
PetroChina also is set to build a 1,247-km refined products pipeline from=
=20
Lanzhou to oil-thirsty Sichuan to move surplus products out of the remote=
=20
northwest region.=20
A feasibility study for the line, which would be the longest products=20
pipeline in China, was approved recently, a senior official with the State=
=20
Development Planning Commission told Reuters from Beijing.=20
Officials said the project would replace rail transport and eventually cut=
=20
PetroChina's oil distribution cost.=20
"The railway system has a bottleneck which only allows a limited oil flow a=
t=20
one time, and it's much more expensive (than pipeline)," said a Beijing-bas=
ed=20
PetroChina official.=20
When built in 2005, PetroChina would be supplying five million tonnes a yea=
r=20
of mostly gasoline and diesel to Sichuan, one of China's most populous=20
province and which buys most of its oil by rail or ship from neighbouring=
=20
provinces.=20
($1=3D8.277 yuan).

Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.=20

>                                                    SALES AGT: CS/YCSIZM
>
>                                           ARNOLD/JOHN
>
>
>   TONY POLICASTRO
>
>
>
>
>
>   DATE:  MAR 07 2001                   PERSONAL
>
> SERVICE               DATE  FROM           TO             DEPART  ARRIVE
>
> CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  16MAR HOUSTON TX     SAN JOSE CABO  1145A   135P
> CO 1237    Y          FRI   G.BUSH INTERCO LOS CABOS
>                             EQP: BOEING 737-300
>                             SEAT 07E CONFIRMED
>                ***MIDDLE SEAT ONLY PLEASE CHECK AT AIRPORT
>
> CONTINENTAL AIRLINES  18MAR SAN JOSE CABO  HOUSTON TX     214P    550P
> CO 1236    H          SUN   LOS CABOS      G.BUSH INTERCO
>                             EQP: BOEING 737-300
>                             SEAT 14F CONFIRMED
>
>       AIR FARE 1281.00      TAX 71.23           TOTAL USD        1352.23
>                                               SVC FEE USD          15.00
>
>                                         INVOICE TOTAL USD        1367.23
>
>
>
> RESERVATION NUMBER(S)  CO/I7R7SX
>
> ARNOLD/JOHN                              TICKET:CO/ETKT 005 7025570376
> ARNOLD/JOHN                                   MCO:        890 8108674936
>
> ***********************************************
> THIS IS A TICKETLESS RESERVATION. PLEASE HAVE A
> PICTURE ID AVAILABLE AT THE AIRPORT. THANK YOU
> ***********************************************
> NON-REFUNDABLE TKT MINIMUM $100.00 CHANGE FEE
> **********************************************
>                   THANK YOU FOR CALLING VITOL TRAVEL
>
>
> =====
> Vitol Travel Services
> 1100 Louisiana Suite 3230
> Houston, Texas 77002
> Phone - 713-759-1444
> Fax - 713-759-9006
>
> __________________________________________________
> Do You Yahoo!?
> Get email at your own domain with Yahoo! Mail.
> http://personal.mail.yahoo.com/
>

SOblander@carrfut.com on 03/08/2001 07:05:03 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Crude     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/crude88.pdf
Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/ngas88.pdf
Distillate     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/hoil88.pdf
Unleaded     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/unlded88.pdf

Nat Gas Strip Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/StripmatrixNG88.pdf
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixNG88.pdf

Crude and Products Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixCL88.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

67

george.ellis@americas.bnpparibas.com on 03/07/2001 09:39:04 AM
Good Morning,

Just a reminder to get your AGA estimates in by Noon EST (11:00 CST) TODAY.

Last Year      -37
Last Week      -101

Thanks,
George Ellis
BNP PARIBAS Commodity Futures, Inc.

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
 
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.

confused... what are you disagreeing with me in regards to demand destruction?

I am definitely a bigger fan of the crude complex for the next few months. 
Agree the defcon 5 bubble has burst for natgas. Disagree about the demand 
destruction. 
? I think some demand is just permanently gone ( i.3. cheaper BTUs in ASIA- 
Pacific and plants just wont run here anymore). But I think that we are 
underestimating the structural changes in energy demand. Just as the economy 
is less dependent on heavy industry for its health, energy demand is 
changing. Since just about everyone missed the boat on the increased power 
demand as a result of  Silicon Valley, I think we don't have a good handle on 
what the drivers of the new power generation really are.So what i'm saying 
is  that industrial demand will weaken, demand in service based industries 
will increase. Also energy is a much smaller component of the cost structure 
in service industries.
? Also I think in 2000, people had sticker shock-- they couldn't have 
imagined 10$ gas, but now that volatility and higher prices are firmly 
entrenched in their minds --- they will find ways of running their factories. 
Also they will  budget for these prices instead of $2.50
? See NG Week (3/5/01) Nevada power price hikes affecting casinos --- 
increases of 20%. When asked the implication for missed earnings and their 
plans for demand conservation, one casino official replied 'We're in the 
bright lights business'
? I don't believe the economic doom and gloom
 First of all no one wants a repeat of the 1990 recession ( which was much 
worse outside of the US) Every central bank in the G7 has or will cut rates 
this week. The US will follow suit or it will have a very expensive dollar 
which will blow exports. With all of the monetary slack, consumer credit will 
not tighten and thus buying will continue ( witness the lack of destruction 
in big ticket items purchasing). Heavy manufacturing is contracting but this 
is not everything. Productivity gains are strong. The economy is becoming 
more service based and traditional industrial barometers are not telling the 
whole story.
? Finally, I am London and it is not doom and gloom over here.

well there's my 2 cents.

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

i think jv strip prices to where we price out enough demand to get to 2.8.  
whther that price level is 425 or 725 is arguable.  i think it's close to 
here.  but when we get to november and we have 2.8 and don;'t repeat the 
weather of this past winter and we have 2.5 bcf more supply and people 
realize that we have 2.3 bcf to withdraw before there are any 
problems...bombs away.  

Why do you think nov mar is worth $3.75? 
Also whats your schedule looking like next week----care to meet for a 
beverage?

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

  What it's trading  what I think it's really worth 
apr oct   540    500 
nov mar 547    375
cal 2  491    400
cal 3   460    325

Obviously most bearish the further out you go.  However, the game right now 
is not sell and hold...although it will be soon.  The game is where will it 
be tomorrow and next week and next month.  The market is structurally short 
term gas thanks to our friends from california.  where ca is buying power, 
williams and calpine and dynegy dont care of the gas costs 450 or 475 or 500 
or 525.  irrelevant.  so term is not going down in the short term unless the 
front comes into the 400's and scares some producers to start hedging or we 
or el paso can find fixed price lng to the tune of 250,000 a day for 10 years.

what are your thoughts on

ap-oct
nov-mar
02
03

price levels and outlooks
 thanks
Jen Fraser
713-853-4759

i think jv strip prices to where we price out enough demand to get to 2.8.  
whther that price level is 425 or 725 is arguable.  i think it's close to 
here.  but when we get to november and we have 2.8 and don;'t repeat the 
weather of this past winter and we have 2.5 bcf more supply and people 
realize that we have 2.3 bcf to withdraw before there are any 
problems...bombs away.  

Why do you think nov mar is worth $3.75? 
Also whats your schedule looking like next week----care to meet for a 
beverage?

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

  What it's trading  what I think it's really worth 
apr oct   540    500 
nov mar 547    375
cal 2  491    400
cal 3   460    325

Obviously most bearish the further out you go.  However, the game right now 
is not sell and hold...although it will be soon.  The game is where will it 
be tomorrow and next week and next month.  The market is structurally short 
term gas thanks to our friends from california.  where ca is buying power, 
williams and calpine and dynegy dont care of the gas costs 450 or 475 or 500 
or 525.  irrelevant.  so term is not going down in the short term unless the 
front comes into the 400's and scares some producers to start hedging or we 
or el paso can find fixed price lng to the tune of 250,000 a day for 10 years.

what are your thoughts on

ap-oct
nov-mar
02
03

price levels and outlooks
 thanks
Jen Fraser
713-853-4759

http://sokolin.com/1998's.htm

1998 monbousquet

>  <<...OLE_Obj...>>
>
> 2001 Natural Gas Production and Price Outlook Conference Call
>
>
>  <<...OLE_Obj...>> Salomon Smith Barney <<2001 Natural Gas Conference
> Call.doc>>
> Energy Research Group
> Analyst Access Conference Call
>
> 2001 Natural Gas  Production and Price Outlook
> Hosted by:
> Bob Morris and Michael Schmitz
>  Oil and Gas Exploration & Production Analysts
>
>  Date & Time:
> FRIDAY (February 23rd)
> 11:00 a.m. EST
>
> Dial-in #:
>  US:   800-229-0281 International:  706-645-9237
>
> Replay #: (Reservation: x 819361)
>  US:   800-642-1687 International: 706-645-9291
>
> Accessing Presentation:
> * Go to https://intercallssl.contigo.com
> * Click on Conference Participant
> * Enter Event Number:  x716835
> * Enter the participant's Name, Company Name & E-mail address
> * Click Continue to view the first slide of the presentation
>
> Key Points:
> 1. Natural gas storage levels appear to be on track to exit March at
> roughly 700-800 Bcf, compared with just over 1,000 Bcf last year at the
> end of the traditional withdrawal season.
> 2. Meanwhile, domestic natural gas production should rise 3.0-5.0% this
> year, largely dependent upon the extent of the drop in rig efficiency, or
> production added per rig.
> 3. Nonetheless, under most scenarios, incorporating numerous other
> variables such as the pace of economic expansion, fuel switching and
> industrial plant closures, it appears that storage levels at the beginning
> of winter will be near or below last year's 2,800 Bcf level.
> 4. Thus, it appears likely that the "heat" will remain on natural gas
> prices throughout 2001.
> 5. Consequently, we believe that many E&P shares will post solid gains
> again this year, spurred largely by mounting confidence in the
> sustainability of strong natural gas prices.
>
>

 - 2001 Natural Gas Conference Call.doc

Dave:
Can you do the same printout today of children for product #33076
Thanks
John

any reaction to this?

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/06/2001 01:16:41 PM
   (Recasts, adds details)
    WASHINGTON, March 6 (Reuters) - U.S. electricity demand
will grow by about 2.3 percent in 2001, down from 3.6 percent
growth last year due to the nation's slowing economy, the U.S.
Energy Information Administration said on Tuesday.
    Natural gas demand will also grow at about 2.3 percent this
year, the EIA said in its monthly supply and demand report.
Natural gas is the third most popular fuel used by U.S.
electricity generating plants after nuclear and coal.
    U.S. electricity demand in the first quarter of 2001 was
forecast at about 896 billion kilowatt hours (kwh), the EIA
said. That is slightly higher than the 895.8 billion kwh
forecast by the agency last month.
    For the entire winter heating season of October through
March, electricity demand was forecast to rise by 4.6 percent
from the previous year, the EIA said. The increase was driven
by the residential and commercial sectors, which were forecst
to be higher by 8 and 4 percent, respectively.
    More electricity plants were expected to switch from
natural gas back to fuel oil as oil prices drift lower, the
government report said.
    "This trend is expected to continue through the first
quarter 2001," the EIA said. "Although the favorable price
differential for oil relative to gas is expected to continue
through the forecast period, by the second half of 2001,
expected increases in gas-fired capacity are expected to keep
gas demand for power generation growing."
    The monthly report also said that mild weather has eased
natural gas prices in California, but the state still faces gas
supply and deliverability bottlenecks affecting its electricity
plants.
    California has been fighting all winter to maintain

i dont know   sounds good to me

Greg Whalley
02/28/2001 05:32 PM
Sent by: Liz M Taylor
Johnny,

What does Greg owe you for the champagne?  Is it $896.00?

Liz

i loved them in that i thought they were going to go up...i think they still 
might

  3 weeks ago  now
short term very bullish  neutral
medium term neutral   neutral
longer term neutral   bearish

what changed your mind re 02 and 03 --2 weeks ago you told me you loved 
them....why are bearish out the back?

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

  What it's trading  what I think it's really worth 
apr oct   540    500 
nov mar 547    375
cal 2  491    400
cal 3   460    325

Obviously most bearish the further out you go.  However, the game right now 
is not sell and hold...although it will be soon.  The game is where will it 
be tomorrow and next week and next month.  The market is structurally short 
term gas thanks to our friends from california.  where ca is buying power, 
williams and calpine and dynegy dont care of the gas costs 450 or 475 or 500 
or 525.  irrelevant.  so term is not going down in the short term unless the 
front comes into the 400's and scares some producers to start hedging or we 
or el paso can find fixed price lng to the tune of 250,000 a day for 10 years.

what are your thoughts on

ap-oct
nov-mar
02
03

price levels and outlooks
 thanks
Jen Fraser
713-853-4759

  What it's trading  what I think it's really worth 
apr oct   540    500 
nov mar 547    375
cal 2  491    400
cal 3   460    325

Obviously most bearish the further out you go.  However, the game right now 
is not sell and hold...although it will be soon.  The game is where will it 
be tomorrow and next week and next month.  The market is structurally short 
term gas thanks to our friends from california.  where ca is buying power, 
williams and calpine and dynegy dont care of the gas costs 450 or 475 or 500 
or 525.  irrelevant.  so term is not going down in the short term unless the 
front comes into the 400's and scares some producers to start hedging or we 
or el paso can find fixed price lng to the tune of 250,000 a day for 10 years.

what are your thoughts on

ap-oct
nov-mar
02
03

price levels and outlooks
 thanks
Jen Fraser
713-853-4759

theres only one thing i can think of...   storage field turning around gives 
cash market completely different feel.   instead of utilities looking to sell 
gas everday, they look to buy it.  huge difference in feel of mrket.  not so 
much actual gas but completely different economics of how marginal mmbtu gets 
priced.  tightening cash market causes cash players to buy futures... hence 
the tendency for a spring rally every year.  read heffner today...even he 
talks about it

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/06/2001 10:22:18 AM
so let me ask you-if they dont buy flat px wfrom here with mega cold east
weather, cash contangos,px only 25 cts from lows, after huge apr/oct 
buying-what
would take us to much higher levels?? ie whats the risk of being short today?
clueless and confused

John.Arnold@enron.com on 03/06/2001 10:51:13 AM

no real bias today  positive numbers sell negative numbers buy...
looking into other stuff

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/06/2001 09:15:40 AM

agreewith all, im mega bear summer 2nd q but for the time being weather and
as u
said uncertainy likely to lend itself so little downside until either
weather
gets warm or injections get big. i dont see the flow as you know but i talk
to a
cupla utitlities and the bias same as you menioned. ive neutralized bear
book a
bit cuz i cant afford to fite this thing. with deep pockets tho-i scale up
sell
next 2-3 weeks take a bet on 200 ish injections in april and 400 in may-ie
records
  aug/oct-yes-low risk-wasnt substantially more inverted when we were 4
bucks
higher-low risk but not a great reward. oct/nov-yea-wont make much for
another
few months on that so it range trades but ill cont to bersd it cuz if end
summer
that strong im always always more bullish the front of winter.
  other thing i wonder is how wide these summer contangos cud get-as
everyone so
bullish futs for the next few weeks at least.
   weather here sucks to day-tree almost fell on me driving into work-close
one,sahud be about 2 ft of white stuff when its said and done. dunno how
long i
can stay but doesnt look all that great for me getting out to steamboat
manana!!

heres a hypothetical.... we agree that demand loss y on y somwhere from 4.5
to
5.0 today, do you guys think that we can see a substantial demand recovery
if
prices dont retreat? my ffeeling is no for at least another 90 days or
more.thots?
   any thots on flat px today-im slitely long vs bearsds?

no real bias today  positive numbers sell negative numbers buy...
looking into other stuff

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/06/2001 09:15:40 AM
agreewith all, im mega bear summer 2nd q but for the time being weather and 
as u
said uncertainy likely to lend itself so little downside until either weather
gets warm or injections get big. i dont see the flow as you know but i talk 
to a
cupla utitlities and the bias same as you menioned. ive neutralized bear book 
a
bit cuz i cant afford to fite this thing. with deep pockets tho-i scale up 
sell
next 2-3 weeks take a bet on 200 ish injections in april and 400 in may-ie
records
  aug/oct-yes-low risk-wasnt substantially more inverted when we were 4 bucks
higher-low risk but not a great reward. oct/nov-yea-wont make much for another
few months on that so it range trades but ill cont to bersd it cuz if end 
summer
that strong im always always more bullish the front of winter.
  other thing i wonder is how wide these summer contangos cud get-as everyone 
so
bullish futs for the next few weeks at least.
   weather here sucks to day-tree almost fell on me driving into work-close
one,sahud be about 2 ft of white stuff when its said and done. dunno how long 
i
can stay but doesnt look all that great for me getting out to steamboat 
manana!!

heres a hypothetical.... we agree that demand loss y on y somwhere from 4.5 to
5.0 today, do you guys think that we can see a substantial demand recovery if
prices dont retreat? my ffeeling is no for at least another 90 days or
more.thots?
   any thots on flat px today-im slitely long vs bearsds?

Utility Deregulation: Square Peg, Round Hole?
The New York Times, 03/04/01

3 Executives Considered to Head Military
Los Angeles Times, 03/04/01

Bush leaning toward execs for military
The Seattle Times, 03/04/01

Enron's Chief Denies Role as Energy Villain / Critics regard Kenneth Lay as 
deregulation opportunist
The San Francisco Chronicle, 03/04/01

Enron boss says he's not to blame for profits in energy crisis
Associated Press Newswires, 03/04/01

The Stadium Curse? / Some stocks swoon after arena deals
The San Francisco Chronicle, 03/04/01

Money and Business/Financial Desk; Section 3
ECONOMIC VIEW
Utility Deregulation: Square Peg, Round Hole?
By JOSEPH KAHN

03/04/2001
The New York Times
Page 4, Column 6
c. 2001 New York Times Company

WASHINGTON -- IN the forensic pursuit of what caused California's power 
failure, the Bush administration, the energy industry and many analysts have 
granted immunity to deregulation. 
Robert Shapiro, a managing director of Enron, the giant electricity marketer, 
says the California mess should in no way affect deregulation in other 
states, ''because California didn't really deregulate.'' Spencer Abraham, the 
new energy secretary, said Californians simply goofed, setting up a 
''dysfunctional'' system. It is the way California deregulated, not 
deregulation itself, that should take the blame, they say.
Yet some economists argue that California's troubles should inform the debate 
about whether -- not just how -- to deregulate. Among them is Alfred E. Kahn, 
the Cornell University economist who helped oversee the creation of free 
markets in the rail, trucking and airline industries. 
''I am worried about the uniqueness of electricity markets,'' Mr. Kahn said. 
He is still studying whether the design flaws in California's market explain 
the whole problem. But he is sounding a note of skepticism. 
''I've always been uncertain about eliminating vertical integration,'' he 
said, referring to the old ways of allowing a single, heavily regulated power 
company to produce, transmit and distribute electricity. ''It may be one 
industry in which it works reasonably well.'' 
Mr. Kahn's comments might sound a little heretical. When this former Carter 
administration official was pushing deregulation, it was still a novel and 
politically risky concept. Today, getting government out of most businesses 
is part of the Washington economic canon. 
Moreover, few people believe that California, the first state to overhaul its 
electricity sector from top to bottom, has proved a good laboratory. To 
satisfy interest groups, the markets were designed in an awkward way, which 
soured some deregulation experts on California before the first electron went 
on the auction block. 
Among the quirks: The state required utilities to buy nearly all their power 
on daily spot markets, rather than arranging long-term contracts that might 
have allowed them to hedge risk. Consumer prices were also fixed, making it 
impossible for utilities to pass on higher wholesale costs. 
Paul L. Joskow, an expert on electricity markets at the Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology and a former student of Mr. Kahn's, remains hopeful 
that the kinks can be ironed out. 
In New England and the the Middle Atlantic states, as well in as Britain, 
Chile and Argentina, all places that have restructured electricity markets, 
regulators have had to adjust market rules to correct flaws. They have found 
ways to check the tendency of power sellers to exploit infant markets and 
charge high prices, Mr. Joskow said. 
Regulators have also had to establish new markets that, through price 
signals, encourage power companies to build enough generating capacity so 
that they have reserves for peak hours. During peak hours, shortages and 
price spikes can substantially raise average prices. 
''If they can do it in Britain, Chile and Argentina, then I think we can do 
it here,'' Mr. Joskow said. 
Still, he warns that proper regulation requires tough political choices. 
Allowing high prices to pass through to consumers is one. Making sure 
Nimbyism does not prevent the construction of power plants is another. 
''The political system must rise to the task,'' Mr. Joskow said, or the ''old 
way might be the best we can do.'' 
Mr. Kahn knows a bit about the old way. In the mid-1970's, he headed the New 
York Public Service Commission, which oversaw electricity and other regulated 
industries. The drawbacks were legendary. Local utilities had an endemic 
tendency to overestimate demand to justify new power plants, for which 
consumers paid through steady rate increases. Nearly everyone assumed that 
competition would slash prices. 
But though free markets do a better job managing rail, phone and airline 
prices, they have yet to match regulators' ability to juggle the complexities 
of electricity, Mr. Kahn said. 
Regulators tended to apply heavy political pressure on utilities to keep 
prices as low as possible and profit margins steady but thin. The vertical 
integration of electricity monopolies may have also had advantages, Mr. Kahn 
said. Engineers coordinated power plants and transmission lines in ideal 
ways. Planners who saw the need for new plants helped find a place for them 
to be built. ''The players all depended on one another,'' he said. 
California has probably not derailed deregulation efforts. But it has made 
people wonder anew whether market forces work for kilowatts as they do for 
widgets.

Photo: Alfred E. Kahn 

Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

National Desk
3 Executives Considered to Head Military
From Associated Press

03/04/2001
Los Angeles Times
Home Edition
A-25
Copyright 2001 / The Times Mirror Company

WASHINGTON -- Three corporate executives are under consideration to lead the 
Air Force, Army and Navy, administration officials said Saturday. 
The three have been interviewed by Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld, and 
the White House was expected to announce this week that it will send their 
names to the Senate for confirmation, the Washington Times reported, quoting 
unidentified sources.
Gordon R. England, 63, who retired recently from General Dynamics Corp., 
would be nominated as Navy secretary; James G. Roche, 61, a vice president at 
Northrop Grumman Corp., is the pick to head the Air Force; and the choice to 
head the Army is Thomas E. White, 57, a retired Army general and an executive 
with Enron Corp. White also once worked as an assistant to Colin L. Powell, 
Bush's secretary of State.

Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

News
Bush leaning toward execs for military
The Associated Press

03/04/2001
The Seattle Times
Sunday
A9
(Copyright 2001)

WASHINGTON--Three corporate executives are under consideration to lead the 
Air Force, Army and Navy, administration officials said yesterday. 
The three men have been interviewed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, and 
the White House was expected to announce next week that it will send their 
names to the Senate for confirmation, The Washington Times reported 
yesterday, quoting unidentified sources.
But two Bush administration sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, told 
The Associated Press that President Bush has not made a decision and that the 
nominations were not a certainty. 
The Times said Gordon England, 63, who retired last week as a vice president 
at General Dynamics, would be nominated as Navy secretary. England was 
responsible for the company's information systems and international programs. 
The newspaper also said James Roche, 61, a vice president at Northrop 
Grumman, was the pick to head the Air Force. Roche, a retired Navy captain, 
worked in the State Department during the Reagan administration and later was 
Democratic staff director for the Senate Armed Services Committee. 
The nominee for Army secretary was said to be Thomas White, 57, a retired 
Army general and an executive with Enron, a Houston-based energy company. 
White was executive assistant to Secretary of State Colin Powell when Powell 
was chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

NEWS
Enron's Chief Denies Role as Energy Villain / Critics regard Kenneth Lay as 
deregulation opportunist
David Lazarus
Chronicle Staff Writer

03/04/2001
The San Francisco Chronicle
FINAL
A1
(Copyright 2001)

Kenneth Lay is one of the energy "pirates" accused by California's governor 
of fleecing consumers. As chairman of Enron Corp., the world's largest energy 
trader, Lay is arguably the biggest, baddest buccaneer of them all. 
But that's not how he wants to be seen. And he certainly doesn't like taking 
knocks from Gov. Gray Davis for having contributed to California's energy 
mess.
"It's very unfair," Lay said, his brown eyes taking on a puppy- dog quality. 
"He's trying to vilify us. But we didn't make the rules in California. We had 
nothing to do with creating the problem." 
He gazed out from his plush, 50th-floor office. Houston's downtown 
skyscrapers jutted like sharp teeth against the overcast sky. 
"Everyone played by the rules," Lay said. "Now our reputations are being 
maligned." 
In a sense, he's right. The ultimate blame does rest with California 
policymakers for deregulating the state's electricity market in such a 
ham-fisted way that power giants like Enron cleaned up by exploiting 
loopholes in the system. 
But Enron was no innocent bystander during the restructuring process. 
"Enron and Ken Lay were one of the major players behind the push for 
deregulation in California," said Janee Briesemeister, senior policy analyst 
in the Austin office of Consumers Union. "A lot of what's happening in 
California was their idea." 
Those familiar with the state's deregulation efforts said Enron was 
especially eager to ensure that a newly created Power Exchange, where 
wholesale power would be bought and sold, was separate from the Independent 
System Operator, which would oversee the electricity grid. 
"This fragmented the wholesale market, making it harder to monitor," said 
John Rozsa, an aide to state Sen. Steve Peace, D-El Cajon, widely regarded as 
the godfather of California's bungled deregulation measures. 
"Enron isn't in the business of making markets work," Rozsa said. "They're in 
the business of making a buck." 
In an ironic twist, however, Enron now could play a pivotal role in helping 
the state remedy past errors and find its energy footing. The company has 
that much clout. 
SEEKING LAY'S BLESSING 
Thus, as the governor pushes ahead with a scheme to purchase the transmission 
lines of California's cash-strapped utilities, he didn't hesitate to call 
recently seeking Lay's personal blessing for the plan. 
This must have been a sweet moment for the man who just weeks earlier had 
been castigated by Davis in the governor's State of the State speech. 
"I told him we couldn't support it," Lay said, a hint of a smile playing 
across his lips. "It will lead to an even less efficient transmission grid 
and, longer term, it could make things worse." 
Why would Davis swallow his pride and court favor with Enron's big cheese? 
Simple: Davis will need the Bush administration's backing to make the 
power-line sale fly, and, many believe, there's no faster way to reach the 
new president than via the Houston office of his leading corporate patron. 
Lay, 58, and his company have donated more than $500,000 to Bush's various 
political campaigns in recent years, and he placed Enron's private jet at 
Bush's disposal during the presidential race. 
So great is Lay's influence with the president that some insist he is now 
serving effectively as shadow energy secretary, shaping U.S. energy policy as 
he sees fit. 
"There's a long history of Enron pulling the levers of its political 
relationships to get what it wants," said Craig McDonald, director of Texans 
for Public Justice, a watchdog group. "What Ken Lay thinks energy policy 
should be isn't very different from what George Bush and Dick Cheney think it 
should be." 
ANOTHER VIEWPOINT 
Lay, of course, sees things differently. At the mere mention of his close 
rapport with the president, his eyes glazed over and he mechanically recited 
the words he has repeated numerous times in recent months. 
"I have known the president and his family for many years," Lay said. "I've 
been a strong supporter of his. I believe in him and I believe in his 
policies." 
He insisted that reports of his having sway over Bush on energy matters are 
"grossly exaggerated." 
Still, it is striking that Bush's quick decision after taking office to limit 
federal assistance in solving California's energy woes virtually mirrored 
Lay's own thoughts on the situation. So, too, with the administration's 
hands-off approach to resolving the crisis. 
Whatever else, California's power woes have been very kind to Enron's bottom 
line. The company's revenues more than doubled to $101 billion last year. 
They haven't hurt Lay, either. According to company records, his pay package 
more than tripled last year to $18.3 million. 
Lay and other Enron officials steadfastly refuse to break out the company's 
California earnings from other worldwide business activities. But Lay 
conceded that Enron's profit from California energy deals last year was "not 
inconsequential." 
"We benefit from the volatility," he said. 
CAPTIVE MARKETPLACE 
That's putting it mildly. It could be said that California's energy mess was 
tailor-made for Enron, which is almost uniquely positioned to prosper from a 
captive marketplace in which electricity and natural gas prices are 
simultaneously soaring skyward. 
To understand why that is, one must look closely at Enron's complex business 
model. The company is much more than just a middleman in brokering energy 
deals. 
Lay, with a doctorate in economics and a background as a federal energy 
regulator, set about completely reinventing Enron in 1985 after taking over 
what was then an unexceptional natural-gas pipeline operator. 
As he saw it, the real action was not in distribution or generation of 
energy, but in transacting lightning-fast deals wherever electricity or gas 
is needed -- treating energy like a tradable commodity for the first time. 
Enron is now the leader in this fast-growing field, and uses that advantage 
to consolidate its position as the market-maker of choice for energy buyers 
and sellers throughout the country. 
It also exploits its size and trading sophistication to structure unusually 
creative deals. For example, if electricity prices are down but natural gas 
prices up, Enron might cut a deal to meet a utility's power needs in return 
for taking possession of the gas required to run the utility's plants. 
Enron could then turn around and sell that gas elsewhere, using part of the 
proceeds to purchase low-priced electricity from another provider, which it 
ships back to the original utility. 
"We do best in competitive markets," Lay said. "These are sustainable 
markets." 
TRADING FRENZY 
Enron's trading floors buzz all day long with frantic activity as mostly 
young, mostly male employees scan banks of flat-panel displays in search of 
the best deals. Rock music blares from speakers, giving the scene an almost 
frat-party atmosphere. 
The company's trading volume skyrocketed last year with the advent of an 
Internet-based bidding system, which logged 548,000 trades valued at $336 
billion, making Enron by far the world's single biggest e-commerce entity. 
Kevin Presto, who oversees Enron's East Coast power trades, called up the 
California electricity market on his computer. With a few quick mouse clicks, 
he showed that Enron at that moment was buying power in the Golden State at 
$250 per megawatt hour and selling it at $275. 
"Some days we're at $250, some days $300 and some days $500," Presto said 
over the steady thump-thump of the trading floor's rock 'n' roll soundtrack. 
"There's truly a problem out there." 
This is a recurring theme among Enron officials: California's electricity 
market is broken and Enron would prefer it if things just settled down. As 
Lay himself put it, "The worst thing for us is a dysfunctional marketplace." 
In reality, California's dysfunctional marketplace means Enron isn't just 
making piles of money, it's seeing profits both coming and going. 
LOTS OF BUSINESS IN CALIFORNIA 
The company's energy services division, which handles the complete energy 
needs of large institutions, counts among its clients the University of 
California and California State school systems, Oakland's Clorox Co., and 
even the San Francisco Giants and Pac Bell Park. 
Enron purchases electricity on behalf of these clients from Pacific Gas and 
Electric Co., which by law must keep its rates frozen below current market 
values. At the same time, Enron sells power to PG&E at sky-high wholesale 
levels. 
In other words, Enron is buying back its own electricity from PG&E for just a 
fraction of the price it charges the utility. 
"These guys are the pariahs of the power system," said Nettie Hoge, executive 
director of The Utility Reform Network in San Francisco. "Why do we need 
middlemen? They don't do anything except mark up the cost." 
To be fair, energy marketers such as Enron can help stabilize an efficient 
marketplace by promoting increased competition between buyers and sellers. 
This has proven the case in Pennsylvania, where Enron actively trades among 
about 200 market participants. 
But in an inefficient market such as California, a company like Enron can 
easily exacerbate things by exploiting loopholes in the state's ill-conceived 
regulatory framework. 
Sylvester Turner, a Houston lawmaker who serves as vice chairman of the state 
committee that oversees Texas utilities, said he can't blame Enron and other 
power companies for pursuing profits in California. 
"California set up some bad rules, and these companies played by the rules 
California set up," he said. "At the end of the day, they will behave to 
enhance their bottom lines." 
But as Texas proceeds toward deregulation of its own electricity market next 
year, Turner said he has learned from California's experience -- and is 
taking steps to prevent Texas' power giants from shaking down local 
consumers. 
LESSONS FROM GOLDEN STATE 
He has written a bill intended to give the Texas Public Utility Commission 
more authority in cracking down on market abuses. The power companies are 
fighting the legislation as hard as they can. 
Not least among Turner's worries is that Texas will see what California 
officials believe happened in their state: A deliberate withholding of power 
by leading providers until surging demand had pushed prices higher. 
"I have that concern," he said. "I don't necessarily take these companies at 
their word." 
For his part, Lay insists that Enron has never deliberately manipulated 
electricity prices. 
"I don't know of any of that," he said. "It's so easy to conjure up 
conspiracy theories." 
As a sign of Enron's commitment to solving California's energy troubles, Lay 
said he supported Davis when the state began negotiating long-term power 
contracts on behalf of utilities. 
So how many contracts has Enron signed? 
Suddenly, the hurt, puppyish expression vanished from Lay's face, and a 
harder, more steely look glinted from his eyes. 
"None," he said. "We won't be signing until we're certain about recovering 
our costs." 
Consider this a shot across California's bow.

PHOTO; Caption: Chairman Kenneth Lay said Enron had "nothing to do with 
creating the (energy) problem." 

Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Enron boss says he's not to blame for profits in energy crisis

03/04/2001
Associated Press Newswires
Copyright 2001. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Yes, his business has profited handsomely from 
California's energy crisis, but Enron Corp. Chairman Kenneth Lay says he 
shouldn't be a scapegoat in California's energy crisis. 
That hasn't swayed Gov. Gray Davis, who has skewered energy companies such as 
Houston-based Enron for selling expensive power to California.
"Never again can we allow out-of-state profiteers to hold Californians 
hostage," Davis warned in his State of the State address. 
More recently, however, Davis called Lay to discuss negotiations as the state 
looks to buy power transmission lines from troubled utilities. 
"I told him we couldn't support it," Lay told the San Francisco Chronicle in 
an interview at his Houston office. "It will lead to an even less efficient 
transmission grid and, longer term, it could make things worse." 
Lay is not just any private-sector energy czar - Enron Corp. is the world's 
largest energy trader and Lay is a close friend of President George Bush. Lay 
and his corporation have donated more than $500,000 to Bush's various 
political campaigns in recent years and he offered Bush use of Enron's 
private jet during the presidential race. 
But Lay said it's economics, not politics, that matter in California's energy 
crisis. And he thinks it unfair that Davis has blamed out-of-state energy 
brokers for the protracted problems. 
"We didn't make the rules in California," Lay said. "We had nothing to do 
with creating the problem." 
The problem, many analysts agree, began with the state's deregulation of the 
power industry in 1996. Enron encouraged deregulation, and the state's 
ensuing power crisis has been lucrative for the corporation. 
Enron's stock jumped 86 percent in 2000 and its revenues more than doubled to 
$101 billion. Lay, 58, was compensated accordingly - he received nearly $16 
million in stock and cash beyond his $1.3 million salary last year, compared 
with less than $4 million in bonuses in 1999. 
Lay refused to say how much Enron has made off California's crisis, though he 
conceded the profit was "not inconsequential." 
"We benefit from the volatility," said Lay, who took over Enron in 1985 and 
has helped turn the corporation into a major player in the trading of 
electricity as a commodity. 
But Lay rejected suggestions that Enron has manipulated prices upward by 
insisting California pay dearly for last-minute power that has helped keep 
the lights on in recent months. 
"I don't know of any of that," he said. "It's so easy to conjure up 
conspiracy theories."

Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

BUSINESS
NET WORTH
The Stadium Curse? / Some stocks swoon after arena deals
Kathleen Pender

03/04/2001
The San Francisco Chronicle
FINAL
B1
(Copyright 2001)

Is buying the name of a big-league stadium the kiss of death for a company, 
or does it only seem that way? 
From Network Associates Coliseum in Oakland to the unfinished CMGI Field 
outside Boston, the nation is dotted with sports venues named after companies 
whose stocks have been sacked.
The Super Bowl champion Baltimore Ravens play in a stadium named after 
PSINet, whose stock has fallen 92 percent to $1.25 a share since it bought 
naming rights. 
The problem names are not all tech. 
The owners of the TWA Dome in St. Louis and Pro Player Stadium in Miami are 
looking for new corporate sponsors because their current ones are bankrupt. 
TWA is an airline. Pro Player was part of underwear-maker Fruit of the Loom. 
The home of the Anaheim Angels could be in the market for a new name if 
Edison International, parent of electric utility Southern California Edison, 
runs out of juice. 
Of course, these companies were not in trouble when they promised to pay tens 
or hundreds of millions of dollars to have their names plastered on a 
ballpark or arena. 
In fact, many were at their peak. 
Which begs the question: Should investors get worried when a company in which 
they own stock puts its name up among the floodlights? 
Brian Pears, head of equity trading with Wells Capital Management, wonders if 
companies are susceptible to some weird strain of the "Sports Illustrated 
curse." It seems as if any athlete who is pictured on the cover of SI 
magazine invariably loses his next game or pulls a groin muscle. 
Business celebrities suffer from a similar phenomenon: Amazon.com Chief 
Executive Officer Jeff Bezos was named Time magazine's 1999 person of the 
year just before his company's stock price tanked. 
Don Hinchey, who advises buyers and sellers in naming-rights deals, doesn't 
think the curse holds true in stadium and arena deals. 
"You can make a case that a company is doing well when it acquires a naming 
rights sponsorship, but you can't necessarily say it corresponds with a peak 
in its business," says Hinchey, director of creative services for the Bonham 
Group in Denver. 
TRACKING NAMING FIRMS 
To find out if Hinchey is right, I tracked the stock market performance of 
publicly held companies since they bought naming rights to 47 big-league 
sports venues in North America. 
I excluded facilities named after subsidiaries of larger companies, including 
Miller Park in Milwaukee (Miller Brewing is part of Philip Morris) and Pac 
Bell Park in San Francisco (Pacific Bell is owned by SBC Communications, 
which is putting its own name on an arena in San Antonio). 
I used the announcement date as a starting point because stadium naming deals 
are, after all, marketing endeavors. The announcement of a deal generates 
tons of publicity, which is considered positive, even if the publicity is 
negative and even if the stadium won't open for several years. 
Then I compared each company's stock market performance with the Standard & 
Poor's 500 index during the same period. 
The bottom line: 29 of the 47 companies that bought stadium or arena names 
are trading at a higher stock price today than when the deals were announced, 
according to data from FactSet Research Systems. (Two companies each bought 
two names and were counted twice.) 
But -- and this is a big but -- only 13 of them beat the S&P 500 during the 
period since their respective deals were announced. 
So buying a stadium name might not be a curse, but it's no guarantee the 
company will beat the market. 
WINNERS, LOSERS 
The companies that have done best since buying a name come from a wide 
variety of industries. 
The biggest winner is Qualcomm, a wireless telecommunications company. 
Although its stock is down 65 percent from its peak, it's still up 746 
percent since it agreed to slap its name on a San Diego stadium. 
The next-biggest winners include Target (discount stores), Ericsson (telecom 
equipment), Coors (beer), Fleet Financial (banking), Pepsi (soft drinks) and 
Enron (energy). 
The biggest losers are TWA, PSINet (Internet service provider), CMGI 
(Internet incubator), Savvis Communications (telecom services) and Network 
Associates (network security software). 
Network Associates' stock peaked about three months after it bought naming 
rights to the Oakland Coliseum in September 1998. Since then, it has suffered 
a string of setbacks. After the Securities and Exchange Commission questioned 
its accounting practices, it restated its financial results for 1997 and 
1998. Its CEO resigned in December. 
Network Associates is paying slightly more than $1 million per year for the 
coliseum name. It can get out of its 10-year deal after five years. 
The company "has been paying us," says Deena McClain, general counsel with 
the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum Authority. "We haven't had any 
discussions with them" about changing the contract. 
Most naming-rights contracts have "out clauses that allow the parties to 
extricate themselves if they want, can or need to in the event of financial 
difficulties or if a team moves," says Hinchey. 
Although nobody likes to be associated with a loser, stadium owners may 
benefit if a troubled company cuts out of a deal early. 
That's because stadium name prices have skyrocketed since the mid- 1990s, 
when $1 million a year -- give or take -- was average. 
In 1999, FedEx agreed to pay $205 million over 27 years to be named home of 
the Washington Redskins. 
In 2000, CMGI agreed to pay $114 million over 15 years to have its name on 
the new home of the New England Patriots. It's questionable what kind of 
shape CMGI will be in when the stadium opens next year. 
The "10-gallon hat of naming rights deals," says Hinchey, is in Houston, 
where Reliant Energy will pay $300 million over 32 years to name the 
Astrodome and a new football stadium after itself. 
Some customers of Reliant's utility subsidiary were outraged when the deal 
was announced because the company was also raising electricity rates. 
Some shareholders also get perturbed when their company spends money on a 
stadium instead of a new plant or stock dividends. 
But Jim Grinstead, editor of Revenues from Sports Venues, says, "you have to 
look at the (stadium) purchase in light of total marketing budget. It sounds 
like big money, but frequently it's over 20 to 30 years. If you take out 
things the company might buy anyway, like tickets and luxury suites, it's 
small potatoes." 
WHAT A DEAL IS WORTH 
The main benefit of a stadium deal is the exposure a company gets when a game 
is broadcast on TV or radio or mentioned in print. 
"This is the biggest bang for your buck in terms of branding," says Jennifer 
Keavney, a Network Associates vice president who negotiated the stadium deal. 
She says the cost of her deal, about $1 million a year, "won't even buy you a 
Super Bowl ad. It will buy five commercials on a nationally televised 
football game, maybe." 
The Coliseum, perched beside Interstate 880, also acts like a giant billboard 
for the company, which frequently gets mentioned in traffic reports. 
Hinchey says most naming deals also include tickets and luxury boxes; on-site 
exposure through signage and kiosks; premium nights when the sponsor might 
offer samples at the park; and inclusion in programs, tickets and flyers. 
Most companies that strike stadium deals want to become a household name 
because they sell consumer products or services. 
But not always. 
3Com sold nothing but corporate networking gear when it bought the name to 
Candlestick Park in San Francisco in 1995. 
"It was a good move for them," says Jim Grinstead, editor of Revenues from 
Sports Venues. "They got the employees they were looking for, the visibility 
they were looking for. At the time, they were a player in a crowded field, 
and they wanted to look like a fun place to work." 
Last April, 3Com extended its original 4-year contract for two more years. 
The biggest risk companies run is that the team that plays in their facility 
will be a loser. 
"Companies invest in an entity that can enhance their brand, their sales and 
hospitality efforts. Certainly that loses its luster if the team is not 
performing well," Hinchey says. "But corporations realize the team's success 
on the field fluctuates. It could be a champion one year, next year in the 
dumps." 
The same can be said about the corporate sponsors, which is something stadium 
owners -- be they taxpayers or business tycoons -- must realize when they 
sell a name.

PHOTO; Caption: Rich Gannon of the Oakland Raiders scored in Oakland's 
Network Associates Coliseum last year. / Frederic Larson/The Chronicle 2000 

Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Hard to believe , huh

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/05/2001 11:31:02 AM
just saw your picture ion that magazine-one would never imagione that smart 
guy
was doing the " rerun" dance at the edf man pary just over a year ago!!!

I ordered 3 different things...I thought your "wine inventory listings are 
updated DAILY" ???

sales@popswine.com (Pops wine Sales) on 03/05/2001 02:28:38 PM
Thank You for your on-line order!

The item(s) you ordered are currently out-of-stock. You will be
automatically notified when they become available.

Thanks!!

Pop's Wines & Spirits
256 Long Beach Road
Island Park, New York 11558

516.431.0025
516.432.2648, fax

sales@popswine.com
www.popswine.com

Not impressive
sales@popswine.com (Pops wine Sales) on 03/05/2001 02:28:38 PM
Thank You for your on-line order!

The item(s) you ordered are currently out-of-stock. You will be
automatically notified when they become available.

Thanks!!

Pop's Wines & Spirits
256 Long Beach Road
Island Park, New York 11558

516.431.0025
516.432.2648, fax

sales@popswine.com
www.popswine.com

thanks

Andy Zipper@ENRON
11/01/2000 08:00 AM
FYI
I talked to Jay Surles and Kenny Policano at Adams Resources and concerning 
CATDADDY and POWERTRADE.  I informed Jay that it was in violation of their 
agreement to "sell, lease, retransmit, redistribute or provide directly or 
indirectly,any portion of the content of the Website to any third party."   
They indicated that they had provided the id to one of their marketers in New 
England.  They also suggested that they had a broker that watched spreads for 
a commission therefore theoretically the broker was an employee of the 
company.  After all the bull they agreed to have them shut down and they 
would refrain from doing it again.

yes...please change griffith to trading.
thanks,
john

probably because jeff's out,, but let's go ahead and have it

Yes, I'm around all week and, I don't know why the Tuesday meeting was 
cancelled.

Gary

dinner or drinks tonight?

So my point shown a little bit right now..  Weather a little cooler for this 
week.  Overall normal for 6-10.  JV up 12 cents.  Think just as customers got 
totally fucked last year selling into the rally, they are going to buy all 
the way down.  Differnence is last year trade very happy to take in all the 
length.  This year trade not ready to get really short.  Not until healthy 
inj in April anyways.   I think money from here will be made being short, 
just question of what and when.  Think there'll be enough hedging demand to 
keep curve very strong unless phys market just totally rejects price level.   
With amount of inj capacity available, hard to believe phys market is going 
to dictate prices for next couple months.  I think it will be spec and 
hedgers dictating.  Spec staying on sidelines right now and hedgers buying.  
Leads to more upside potential in short term.  
My point in V/X was that jv would be strong and cal2 hedging was from sell 
side leading to pressure on those spreads.  The california term power sales 
have totally changed that.  Before, the only thing customers were selling was 
cal 2.  Now, customer interest much more from buyside in cal 2,3 solely from 
california.  Now turning neutral v/x and x/z.  You have very valid points.   
i like q/v more though.  I think you could have 10 cents of upside in that 
with little downside.  Thoughts?

so according to your analysis, had we been at $2.5 gas and we were not 
bordering on a recession, we would have had the highest AGA number of 
recorded history for this week, last week, or next week by 15 bcf?  seems a 
little far fetched to me.  Our analysis is saying: gas at 2.50 we would have 
had 4.5 bcf a day more demand.  that includes commercial residential 
industrial switching processing...    
as far as 2 bcf/d  power gen demand- that counts the fact that last year was 
extremely mild versus expectation of normal summer this year, west will be 
running every gas unit virtually all hours as power demand is growing maybe 
5% still and hydro way down.  every molecule that can will flow west from 
waha this summer versus little last year.  east power prices really havent 
reached point of priceing out demand and heat rates healthy enough to where 
gas can go up without raising power prices to cut demand.  some concern of 
more efficient replacing less but hard to quantify.  we're trying to build 
the stack now to estimate.  
frac margins now positive for all but most inefficient processors.  will 
continue coming back.  a little concerned about 2 oil prices.  bordering 
right there now for places like florida and actually saw fl demand rise 
100,000 last week as gas got to parity.  
let me look into inj capability.  definitely bigger when field is empty from 
engineering standpoint so any problems really wont arise until fall when gen 
demand low and inj capacity lower...my initial thoughts.
bo seems as neutral as everyone else in the market right now.  really 
inactive.
to clarify, not raging bull.  i like everybody want to see what the inj 
numbers in april look like.  nobody putting a position on until that starts 
to clarify.  just think that hedging demand is making market a little short 
right now making next move up more likely.  would be scale up seller though
not really sure why cash trades at 10-15 back.  doesnt make any sense.  
however as more fields start turning around throughout month, the stg arb to 
great in my opinion to keep spread there.  must close one way or the other.  
notice that spread tightened to 6-8 towards end of trading friday?
in general think that gas is reaching the elasticity stage right here.  50 
cents lower and no switching, no processing, and gain back some demand.  
market needs to see some big stg numbers first.   
i think the best play right now is to start buying longer  term put spreads.  
Jan 4/3.5 look great to me.  if we get back to 2.8 and don't match last 
year's early weather, bombs away.   

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/03/2001 07:03:14 AM
this doesnt allow for new generation demand-which is unclear cuz it requires
power px, also doesnt accrue for more eficient gen replacing inneficient,
weather of course. but 2bcf/d sounds hi-esp shudnt happen until loads peak in
july-shud be marginal in apr-jun
   if you notice im not alot diff than your guys-4.6 demand destruction is
implied but im including a factor for R/C energy conservation-ie poor guys 
like
me turning lites off and thermostat down-its making a difference- that will be
less factor in shoulder demand months-reason why i think y on y s&d swing will
be closer to 5 bcf apr-jun, if px doesnt fall and electricity spikes i think
we'll see conservation return cuz i wont turn on my air cnditioner
     now rember the 7.4 is vs gas at sub 6.00 ie february which is approx 
where
we are today
    all that being said yes some demand has come back-but it is as i consider
extraordinary demand destruction-those things which never really have occured
before-like the level for fuel switching in jan and fractionation margins(ie
liquids) which were all non existent a year ago save for residual fuel. some
ammonia/fert prod  has come back as well. but when you get down to 2 -3 bcf/d
industrial in the more i think of it-may not be destruction anymore as mucha
unction of an economic slowdown.
    anyway -i think i only know two guys that are bearish-me and one of your 
big
fund customers(ospraie). we'll see.  is collins bullish as well-he seems 
quieter
in the mkt lately.
  heres another one-what you guys think the industry capacity for injection is
on a weekly basis? we sud test it...in other words if the max is say 105 then
means the basis will uttery colpase on daily cuz mkt will keep futs too hi and
be unable to inject all the gas available? thots
    also, you any idea why cash at the hub alway seems to hold a 10-15 ct
discount lately daily vs next month futs? why not 5 or 30 cts? i dont get it 
bt
wondering if its transportation or storage cost related.
  have a good weekdn my man

i think you are done with hhd/cdd stuff -ie did you complete the cdds vs
utilites demand? also monthly hdds vs residential and commercial
demand?(combined)?, cdds vs total stock change??
 if all these are done add them to the summary sheet in usable formula 
form-ill
show you what i mean

then we start our price data base from bloom berg

check this out-using the regression you did for nov-march 99/00 came to a draw
of 155 with 195  gw hdds, i decreased the draw by the amount i beleive is the 
y
on y supply demand swing. ie 1.5 bcf prod
                                                  1.1  bcf./d import
                                                   3 bcf/d industrial
                                                    1.16 fuel switching
                                                    .5 ngl neg processing
                                                   1.3 r/c conservation
                                               
=7.4* 7=103 aga came in at 101, so excellant, back testing vs the week prior 
cam
to 81, vs aga 81!!!
nt bad-is a very bearish s&d is this continues cuz says injections will be
enoromous in the spring

Are you around next Tuesday? 
The trader's roundtable meeting for Tuesday, March 6 at 4:00PM has been 
cancelled. 

Thanks!
Jennifer 

I think you need to check your AGA model.  7.2 bcf/d seems awfully high.  
That's saying that had gas been at $2.5, the AGA for the week would have been 
151.  Look at the AGA history for last week, this week and next week.

   94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 
3rd week of Feb  -64 -46 -64 -63 -77 -97 -136 -81
4th week of Feb  -132 -118 -62 -76 -47 -128 -74 -101 
1st week of Mar  -27 -132 -118 -57 -54 -69 -37 ??

Do you really think the # would have been 151 with no demand destruction?  It 
wasn't even really cold.  That would have been the highest AGA # of the three 
weeks by 15 bcf.  
Our guys are thinking 4.5 bcf/d.  Pira is saying that Feb as a whole averages 
3.5-4 bcf/d. That's just destruction and does not include new production, if 
any.  Further Pira estimates that March destruction will be about half of 
Feb.  Assuming that gets to equilibrium:  2 bcf/d demand destruction, 2 bcf/d 
more production, 2 bcf/d more gas generation demand.  Start with a 400 b 
deficit and 200 injection days gets you to flat against last years storage in 
current price environment.   I think we are fairly priced fundamentally, but 
with huge customer imbalance for hedging from buy side, surprises in the 
market right now are to the upside in my view.  Course hard to imagine $6 for 
J.   Just sell vol.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/02/2001 10:54:14 AM
my next aga number is 75-sllitely more than pira and assumes 7.2 bcf/d y on y
s&d swing-the higher prices now the uglier it'll be later.
contmaplating buying some 4.00 puts for lat 2nd q or early 3q for a few 
pennies.
so whaen we go above last years stx in may!!

beleive it or not pero been worse chop fest than gas-all i know is going to
steamboat co skiing next wed-sunday with mans refined prod groups next week so
taking postion down to the stuff i really like, dont have to worry too much
about.

John.Arnold@enron.com on 03/02/2001 11:44:50 AM

i think this is the biggest chopfest in nat gas history.  scale up seller,
scale down buyer.
reviewing my aga model and assumptions later today.  i'll see if i have any
new inspirations.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/02/2001 10:25:45 AM

he will be if we cut him off for a week i bet he gets some inspiration.
have a
good weekdn. any view here? i think short term range stuff-med-longer term
you
know what i think.
  sprds/front to backs range-bear em at -2 bull em at -5 till they go
prompt.

John.Arnold@enron.com on 03/02/2001 11:22:30 AM

ok.
i would not describe him as the hardest working man in the energy business.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/02/2001 08:54:44 AM

i say we make a pact, next time silver man calls in sick on a friday after
a
typical nite out you and i cut him off for the entire next week. deal?

are you free at 3:00 today to go over the aga model?

i think this is the biggest chopfest in nat gas history.  scale up seller, 
scale down buyer.
reviewing my aga model and assumptions later today.  i'll see if i have any 
new inspirations.  

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/02/2001 10:25:45 AM
he will be if we cut him off for a week i bet he gets some inspiration. have a
good weekdn. any view here? i think short term range stuff-med-longer term you
know what i think.
  sprds/front to backs range-bear em at -2 bull em at -5 till they go prompt.

John.Arnold@enron.com on 03/02/2001 11:22:30 AM

ok.
i would not describe him as the hardest working man in the energy business.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/02/2001 08:54:44 AM

i say we make a pact, next time silver man calls in sick on a friday after
a
typical nite out you and i cut him off for the entire next week. deal?

ok.
i would not describe him as the hardest working man in the energy business.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 03/02/2001 08:54:44 AM
i say we make a pact, next time silver man calls in sick on a friday after a
typical nite out you and i cut him off for the entire next week. deal?

it just wasn't the same without you.   how was el doritos?

Oh, I got it -- you must have had a good date.  So tell me about it since I 
missed it. 

maybe cal 2.  

Caroline Abramo@ENRON
03/02/2001 08:00 AM
Thanks for talking to Catequil...

any chance we get 02 and 03 on-line soon?

freak show. cash started -7 then to -15 then -7 ended -15.

freak show.   started at -7.  went to -15 then -7 then finishing out -15

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/28/2001 08:32:27 AM
john wud you mind terrbly telling me how hen hub and east etc cash mkts are 
this
am as a delta to the screen? im working from home and my connection too slow 
to
get  eol??? appreciate it alot-i bot some apr/jul (bulls sprd) for a short 
term
play.

industrial demand the scary thing.  no question there are some steel mills 
and auto factories and plastics plants that were on last november that arent 
coming up now and its not due to gas prices.  the economy sucks and it will 
affect ind demand.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/28/2001 08:03:43 AM
at least a myn dollars-need to talk to pira on that. excellant point. need to 
do
some margin analyses . having said all that look at corporate earnings from 
last
year to this year regardless of natgas costs as a feed industrials will be
running slower and consumers just now feeling the pinch as rate increases have
only just recently gotten approved and passed to the likes of us and people 
less
fortunate than us.

John.Arnold@enron.com on 02/27/2001 11:05:40 PM

but that's my point.  the demand destruction roared its ugly head beginning
of Jan.  The price level was $9.  Of course there is a lag.  Let's make up
a lag time...say one month.   On Dec 1 cash was trading $6.70.  Probably a
similar lag on the way down.  Cash is $5.20 today.  How much lost demand
will there be in a month if we're still $5.2?   million dollar question if
you can answer that.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/27/2001 08:12:32 PM

off the cuff i wud say tho same goes for 5.00 gas-currently 6-7 bcf/day
swing y
on y too much, to buy this level you need to take the view that industrial
america and residential and end users will be able to get back on their
feet and
recocover a lion share of the 4-4.5 bcf/d demand destruction(this assumes
as
current. very little if any dist fuel switching. i think the answer is
no-not
unless the economy was jump starter quickly-2nd q is gone,so maybe th 4q.
 remember the demand destruction and industrial shit really just started
only 6
weeks ago-me thinks it will take longer than that to get back into full
swing.
we all trade the y on y gap...all things remaining equal(ie term px for the
summer), starting april we'll have a surplus the other way by july barring
a
greenhouse in the ohio valley
    good to hear your view pt as always-even if it is wrong!!! ha

John.Arnold@enron.com on 02/27/2001 08:23:22 PM

Good to hear from you.
After a great F, had an okay G.  Held a lot of term length on the
risk/reward play.  Figured if we got no weather, all the customer and
generator buying would be my stop.  It was.  Amazing that for the drop in
price in H, the strips have really gone nowhere.  just a big chop fest.
i here your arguments, but think they are way exagerated.  Agree with 1.5-2
bcf/d more supply. Call it 2 with LNG.  Imports from Canada should be
negligible.  Now let's assume price for the summer is $4.  No switching,
full liquids extraction, methanol and fertilizer running.  Electric
generation demand, considering problems in west and very low hydro, around
1.5 bcf/d greater this year with normal weather.  Means you have to price 2
bcf/d out of market.  Don't think $4 does that.  What level did we start
really losing demand last year?  It was higher than 4.   concerned about
recession in industrial sector thats occuring right now.
Think gas is fairly valued here.  Dont think we're going to 7.  But I think
fear of market considering what happened this past year will keep forward
curve very well supported through spring.  we're already into storage
economics so the front goes where the forward curve wants to go.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/26/2001 04:48:06 PM

its been a while-hope all is well. not a great few weeks for me in ngas-not
awful just nothing really working for me and as you know got in front of
march/apr a cupla times, no disasters.
   well im bearish-i hate to be so after a 4 buck drop but as i said a
month ago
to you-and now pira coming around. 5.00 gas is a disaster for the natgas
demand.
now production up strongly y on y...you guys agree on the production side?
  i know youve been bullish the summer-think im stll in the minority-but
here
you go, we have y on y supplly up 2/bcf+ demnad loss 3.5bcf/d, 5.5 bcf/day
y on
y swing . then i submit as we started to see due huge rate increases R/C
demandd
energy conservation will be even more dramatic this summer which will
effect
utilty demand/power demand ulitmately.  if pira rite we lost 1.56 in jan
for
this factor i say it cud be bigger this summer as ute loads increase, power
pxes
rise and consumers become poorer. there will be more demand flexibilty in
the
summer part in the midcon and north as AC is more of a luxury item than
heat. i
say 5-6% lower use in residentail/utilty power consumption due rationing is
another .7/1bcf/d loss.
  put all this together we wud build an addional 1284 apr thru oct on top
of
last years 1715  build basis last year temps and todays prices. takes us to
3.6
tcf or so. what am i missing my man-summer has to go to 4 bucks or lower to
restore demand??? thots.

as far as that other thing, the p&c its still alive, shud know more soon
and ill
keep you posted.

94

michael.byrne@americas.bnpparibas.com on 02/28/2001 07:13:22 AM
Good Morning,

Just a reminder to get your AGA estimates in by Noon EST (11:00 CST) TODAY.

Last Year      -74
Last Week      -81

Thanks,
Michael Byrne
BNP PARIBAS Commodity Futures

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
 
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.

Ina:
Can you get this paid on a rush basis?
thanks,john
Attached is an invoice that covers the three-month trial  period.? Hope all 
is well.
?
Mark Sagel
 - invoice enron 9938.doc

but that's my point.  the demand destruction roared its ugly head beginning 
of Jan.  The price level was $9.  Of course there is a lag.  Let's make up a 
lag time...say one month.   On Dec 1 cash was trading $6.70.  Probably a 
similar lag on the way down.  Cash is $5.20 today.  How much lost demand will 
there be in a month if we're still $5.2?   million dollar question if you can 
answer that.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/27/2001 08:12:32 PM
off the cuff i wud say tho same goes for 5.00 gas-currently 6-7 bcf/day swing 
y
on y too much, to buy this level you need to take the view that industrial
america and residential and end users will be able to get back on their feet 
and
recocover a lion share of the 4-4.5 bcf/d demand destruction(this assumes as
current. very little if any dist fuel switching. i think the answer is no-not
unless the economy was jump starter quickly-2nd q is gone,so maybe th 4q.
 remember the demand destruction and industrial shit really just started only 
6
weeks ago-me thinks it will take longer than that to get back into full swing.
we all trade the y on y gap...all things remaining equal(ie term px for the
summer), starting april we'll have a surplus the other way by july barring a
greenhouse in the ohio valley
    good to hear your view pt as always-even if it is wrong!!! ha

John.Arnold@enron.com on 02/27/2001 08:23:22 PM

Good to hear from you.
After a great F, had an okay G.  Held a lot of term length on the
risk/reward play.  Figured if we got no weather, all the customer and
generator buying would be my stop.  It was.  Amazing that for the drop in
price in H, the strips have really gone nowhere.  just a big chop fest.
i here your arguments, but think they are way exagerated.  Agree with 1.5-2
bcf/d more supply. Call it 2 with LNG.  Imports from Canada should be
negligible.  Now let's assume price for the summer is $4.  No switching,
full liquids extraction, methanol and fertilizer running.  Electric
generation demand, considering problems in west and very low hydro, around
1.5 bcf/d greater this year with normal weather.  Means you have to price 2
bcf/d out of market.  Don't think $4 does that.  What level did we start
really losing demand last year?  It was higher than 4.   concerned about
recession in industrial sector thats occuring right now.
Think gas is fairly valued here.  Dont think we're going to 7.  But I think
fear of market considering what happened this past year will keep forward
curve very well supported through spring.  we're already into storage
economics so the front goes where the forward curve wants to go.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/26/2001 04:48:06 PM

its been a while-hope all is well. not a great few weeks for me in ngas-not
awful just nothing really working for me and as you know got in front of
march/apr a cupla times, no disasters.
   well im bearish-i hate to be so after a 4 buck drop but as i said a
month ago
to you-and now pira coming around. 5.00 gas is a disaster for the natgas
demand.
now production up strongly y on y...you guys agree on the production side?
  i know youve been bullish the summer-think im stll in the minority-but
here
you go, we have y on y supplly up 2/bcf+ demnad loss 3.5bcf/d, 5.5 bcf/day
y on
y swing . then i submit as we started to see due huge rate increases R/C
demandd
energy conservation will be even more dramatic this summer which will
effect
utilty demand/power demand ulitmately.  if pira rite we lost 1.56 in jan
for
this factor i say it cud be bigger this summer as ute loads increase, power
pxes
rise and consumers become poorer. there will be more demand flexibilty in
the
summer part in the midcon and north as AC is more of a luxury item than
heat. i
say 5-6% lower use in residentail/utilty power consumption due rationing is
another .7/1bcf/d loss.
  put all this together we wud build an addional 1284 apr thru oct on top
of
last years 1715  build basis last year temps and todays prices. takes us to
3.6
tcf or so. what am i missing my man-summer has to go to 4 bucks or lower to
restore demand??? thots.

as far as that other thing, the p&c its still alive, shud know more soon
and ill
keep you posted.

Forgot, I'm leaving town tomorrow afternoon.  Will be back Thursday morn.  
We'll do it some other time.

Good to hear from you.
After a great F, had an okay G.  Held a lot of term length on the risk/reward 
play.  Figured if we got no weather, all the customer and generator buying 
would be my stop.  It was.  Amazing that for the drop in price in H, the 
strips have really gone nowhere.  just a big chop fest.  
i here your arguments, but think they are way exagerated.  Agree with 1.5-2 
bcf/d more supply. Call it 2 with LNG.  Imports from Canada should be 
negligible.  Now let's assume price for the summer is $4.  No switching, full 
liquids extraction, methanol and fertilizer running.  Electric generation 
demand, considering problems in west and very low hydro, around 1.5 bcf/d 
greater this year with normal weather.  Means you have to price 2 bcf/d out 
of market.  Don't think $4 does that.  What level did we start really losing 
demand last year?  It was higher than 4.   concerned about recession in 
industrial sector thats occuring right now.
Think gas is fairly valued here.  Dont think we're going to 7.  But I think 
fear of market considering what happened this past year will keep forward 
curve very well supported through spring.  we're already into storage 
economics so the front goes where the forward curve wants to go.  

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/26/2001 04:48:06 PM
its been a while-hope all is well. not a great few weeks for me in ngas-not
awful just nothing really working for me and as you know got in front of
march/apr a cupla times, no disasters.
   well im bearish-i hate to be so after a 4 buck drop but as i said a month 
ago
to you-and now pira coming around. 5.00 gas is a disaster for the natgas 
demand.
now production up strongly y on y...you guys agree on the production side?
  i know youve been bullish the summer-think im stll in the minority-but here
you go, we have y on y supplly up 2/bcf+ demnad loss 3.5bcf/d, 5.5 bcf/day y 
on
y swing . then i submit as we started to see due huge rate increases R/C 
demandd
energy conservation will be even more dramatic this summer which will effect
utilty demand/power demand ulitmately.  if pira rite we lost 1.56 in jan for
this factor i say it cud be bigger this summer as ute loads increase, power 
pxes
rise and consumers become poorer. there will be more demand flexibilty in the
summer part in the midcon and north as AC is more of a luxury item than heat. 
i
say 5-6% lower use in residentail/utilty power consumption due rationing is
another .7/1bcf/d loss.
  put all this together we wud build an addional 1284 apr thru oct on top of
last years 1715  build basis last year temps and todays prices. takes us to 
3.6
tcf or so. what am i missing my man-summer has to go to 4 bucks or lower to
restore demand??? thots.

as far as that other thing, the p&c its still alive, shud know more soon and 
ill
keep you posted.

Would prefer a stand alone button as sometimes the problem is I can't operate 
stack manager.  I need the ability to force everybody out of the website so 
people don't try to click numbers that are old.  

On a similar topic, what's the status of the out of credit message?  Still a 
very frustrating problem for both counterparties and me.  

Do I need to follow up with Bradford about lowering sigma?

Grab me Thursday afternoon to talk.

I asked them to permission on your stack manager this function. You might 
want to have it as a stand alone icon on your desktop in case you can't 
operate stack manager.

When you have a second I'd like to talk about the broker EOL product and ED F 
Man.

Congrats on a big day. Total EOL gas volume was 425BcF (!!).

very interesting.... i've been looking for new activities.  maybe i was born 
to be a knight

http://www.kofc.org/ (I can find anything!)

It looks like they are an organization of Catholic men (with 'Vote for
life' on their web site - scarry!).  I'm voting at a middle school.
Let's hope I don't get shot.

---- John.Arnold@enron.com wrote:
>
> my polling location is the knights of columbus hall.
>
> what exactly is a knight of columbus?
>
>

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

We have scheduled an information session  regarding the new spreads 
functionality .

Date  Time   Location
2/28/01  4.00 - 5.00 p.m.  27C2

I would appreciate it if you could forward this message to all the traders on 
your desk.

Thanks 

Savita

true

Jeanie Slone
02/27/2001 10:06 AM
true or false-John Griffith should be moved into your cost center with the 
same salary, same title effective Feb. 01.

i'm free all week right now. prefer early in the week

I just talked to Henry about another pool session.  What evenings are you
available next week so that we can coordinate with Jeff (instructor)?

The information contained in this communication is confidential and
proprietary information intended only for the individual or entity to whom
it is addressed.  Any unauthorized use, distribution, copying, or disclosure
of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this
communication in error, please contact the sender immediately.  If you
believe this communication is inappropriate or offensive, please contact
Ocean Energy`s Human Resources Department.

Shirley Tijerina@ENRON
02/26/2001 09:53 AM
The above mentioned meeting has been scheduled as requested on Wednesday, 
2/28 from 3:30 - 4:30pm in EB3321.

If you have any questions, please call me at X58113.

Thanks.

Chinese Wall training of one hour has been scheduled on the dates listed=20
below.   The training is mandatory and allows EWS to continue operating all=
=20
its businesses including equity trading without violating the securities la=
ws.

Please register for one of the four one-hour sessions listed below.  Each=
=20
session is tailored to a particular commercial group, and it would be=20
preferable if you could attend the session for your group.  (Your particula=
r=20
group is the one highlighted in bold on the list below.) =20

 Monday, March 5, 2001, 10:00 a.m. =01) Resource Group
 Monday, March 5, 2001, 11:00 a.m. =01) Origination/Business Development
 Monday, March 5, 2001, 3:30 p.m. =01) Financial Trading Group
 Monday, March 5, 2001, 4:30 p.m.  =01) Heads of Trading Desks

Each of the above sessions will be held at the downtown Hyatt Regency Hotel=
=20
in Sandalwood Rooms A & B.  Alternatively, two make-up sessions are schedul=
ed=20
for Tuesday, March 13, 2001 at 3:30 p.m. and 4:30 p.m.  Location informatio=
n=20
for the make-up sessions will be announced later.

Please confirm your attendance at one of these sessions with Brenda Whitehe=
ad=20
by e-mailing her at brenda.whitehead@enron.com or calling her at extension=
=20
3-5438.

Mark Frevert and Mark Haedicke

=20

How about drinks at 5:30 on Thursday.   I try not to interrupt work with 
personal business.

John -

I completely understand your point of view.  PaineWebber knows affluent
investors such as yourself want access to alternative investments such as
private equity and hedge funds.  Our group has also found that high net
worth individuals prefer a consultative relationship where we help you
structure a complete asset allocation based on your objectives.  We then
provide you with access to, and help you select, third-party institutional
money managers to make the day-to-day investment decisions.  We also provide
the ongoing performance monitoring of those managers, including correlations
to the appropriate indices.

I believe you will find our approach to be appreciably different from your
previous contacts with financial advisors, where you have felt the advisor
was 'pushing' a house fund or stock du jour.  If your schedule permits, I
would like to meet with you on Thursday afternoon to discuss this in more
detail.  How does 4 PM sound?

- Mike

Michael:
Thanks for putting the paperwork together.

I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment
opportunities that I don't have access to now.  Most of my contact with
financial advisors in the past has consisted of them suggesting a mutual
fund, telling me to invest in Home Depot, Sun, and Coke, or trying to pass
off their banks' biased research reports as something valuable.  The above
services provide no value to me personally.  If you can present
opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds, or other
ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S@P, I'd
listen.

John

John -

We'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options.  At
some point, I'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more
detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close?

Michael Gapinski
Account Vice President
Emery Financial Group
PaineWebber, Inc.
713-654-0365
800-553-3119 x365
Fax: 713-654-1281
Cell: 281-435-0295

Michael:
Appreciate the idea.  However, with my natural long, I'm not looking to
really trade around the position.  I believe ENE will continue to be range
bound, but in case it is not, I don't want to forgo 50% of my option
premium.
I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE
and will use calls to implement the stategy.  To that regards, I noticed I
was not approved to sell naked calls.  I would like that ability in order
to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options.  Please look
into that for me.
John.

John -

I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an
opportunity to buy back the calls you sold.  Of course, you would then be
in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce.  I'm not
sure that ENE @ 75 is the place, but maybe @ 73.  Call me if you're
interested.

Michael Gapinski
Account Vice President
Emery Financial Group
PaineWebber, Inc.
713-654-0365
800-553-3119 x365
Fax: 713-654-1281
Cell: 281-435-0295

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

Who cares??????

Please note that effective immediately my email address has changed to
 Sean.Cooper@ElPaso.com

He just rescheduled to Wednesday.   How about dinner on Wednesday after that ?

Your buddy Beau invited me.  How about prior to that or after that on Tuesday.

not really...

already have plans on thursday .

are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?

oh god is there an agenda.
 
Would dinner Thursday work instead.
 
 

 

not really...

already have plans on thursday .

are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?

oh god is there an agenda.
=01;
Would dinner Thursday work instead.
=01;
=01;

=01;

Just a reminder about drinks Monday night..

my polling location is the knights of columbus hall. 

what exactly is a knight of columbus?

Latest natural update
 - ng022601.doc

yes i did

Karen Arnold <klarnold@flash.net> on 02/24/2001 02:55:05 PM
 Did you ever receive the wine spectator magazine?  I had some
correspondence from them and I will toss if you are receiving it.  If not,
I need to contact them.

Appreciate the opportunity to listen in.  I was unable to view the slide show 
though.  Can you either email or mail it to me.
Thanks,
John

>  <<...OLE_Obj...>>
>
> 2001 Natural Gas Production and Price Outlook Conference Call
>
>
>  <<...OLE_Obj...>> Salomon Smith Barney <<2001 Natural Gas Conference
> Call.doc>>
> Energy Research Group
> Analyst Access Conference Call
>
> 2001 Natural Gas  Production and Price Outlook
> Hosted by:
> Bob Morris and Michael Schmitz
>  Oil and Gas Exploration & Production Analysts
>
>  Date & Time:
> FRIDAY (February 23rd)
> 11:00 a.m. EST
>
> Dial-in #:
>  US:   800-229-0281 International:  706-645-9237
>
> Replay #: (Reservation: x 819361)
>  US:   800-642-1687 International: 706-645-9291
>
> Accessing Presentation:
> * Go to https://intercallssl.contigo.com
> * Click on Conference Participant
> * Enter Event Number:  x716835
> * Enter the participant's Name, Company Name & E-mail address
> * Click Continue to view the first slide of the presentation
>
> Key Points:
> 1. Natural gas storage levels appear to be on track to exit March at
> roughly 700-800 Bcf, compared with just over 1,000 Bcf last year at the
> end of the traditional withdrawal season.
> 2. Meanwhile, domestic natural gas production should rise 3.0-5.0% this
> year, largely dependent upon the extent of the drop in rig efficiency, or
> production added per rig.
> 3. Nonetheless, under most scenarios, incorporating numerous other
> variables such as the pace of economic expansion, fuel switching and
> industrial plant closures, it appears that storage levels at the beginning
> of winter will be near or below last year's 2,800 Bcf level.
> 4. Thus, it appears likely that the "heat" will remain on natural gas
> prices throughout 2001.
> 5. Consequently, we believe that many E&P shares will post solid gains
> again this year, spurred largely by mounting confidence in the
> sustainability of strong natural gas prices.
>
>

 - 2001 Natural Gas Conference Call.doc

Michael:
Thanks for putting the paperwork together.  

I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment 
opportunities that I don't have access to now.  Most of my contact with 
financial advisors in the past has consisted of them suggesting a mutual 
fund, telling me to invest in Home Depot, Sun, and Coke, or trying to pass 
off their banks' biased research reports as something valuable.  The above 
services provide no value to me personally.  If you can present opportunities 
such as access to private equity or hedge funds, or other ideas with strong 
growth potential and low correlation to the S@P, I'd listen.

John

John -

We'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options.  At some 
point, I'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- 
perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close?

Michael Gapinski
Account Vice President
Emery Financial Group
PaineWebber, Inc.
713-654-0365
800-553-3119 x365
Fax: 713-654-1281
Cell: 281-435-0295

Michael:
Appreciate the idea.  However, with my natural long, I'm not looking to
really trade around the position.  I believe ENE will continue to be range
bound, but in case it is not, I don't want to forgo 50% of my option
premium.
I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE
and will use calls to implement the stategy.  To that regards, I noticed I
was not approved to sell naked calls.  I would like that ability in order
to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options.  Please look
into that for me.
John.

John -

I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an
opportunity to buy back the calls you sold.  Of course, you would then be
in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce.  I'm not
sure that ENE @ 75 is the place, but maybe @ 73.  Call me if you're
interested.

Michael Gapinski
Account Vice President
Emery Financial Group
PaineWebber, Inc.
713-654-0365
800-553-3119 x365
Fax: 713-654-1281
Cell: 281-435-0295

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

Kim:
2 tix for Rent this Sat night will be waiting for you at will call at the 
theatre.  Bring ID.
If you have any problems call the ticket agency at 212 302 1643 or me at 713 
557 3330.
Have fun,
John

i'll call

Karen Arnold <klarnold@flash.net> on 02/22/2001 07:57:57 PM
You must be on the net because you don't answer the phone.  Andy Rowe never
invested that $8000 into the commodity account.  Do you talk with him on a
regular basis?  Should I call?  Please advise..

Monday it is

Yes

Are you free for drinks either Monday or Wednesday?

Are you free for drinks either Monday or Wednesday?

that's not nice

ksmalek@aep.com on 02/21/2001 11:13:20 AM
does larry chaffe people at your shop as much as he does ours?

I think so in a month or so.  Problem now is that there is so much customer 
buying on any pullbacks and selling on rallies that the market, with such a 
flat curve, is going nowhere.  That will change, but it's going to take a 
while.  I like it eventually.

Bill White@ENRON
02/21/2001 05:39 AM
Don't know about the front 2 months, but gut feel is that april thru oct at 
approximately 50% seems like something to own (although I hate flat vol 
curves).  What do you think (long, flat, or short)?

John Arnold@ECT
14/02/2001 21:59

where's the site that i can sell my vote?

Here is the site that tells you where to vote:
http://www.co.harris.tx.us/cclerk/elect.htm

Go Yankees!  :)

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

Andy:
Enjoyed meeting with you.  

One more thing I did not address.  My ultimate goal is to move all volume to 
EOL.  However, in addition to the NYMEX, we have about 6 other viable 
electronic trading systems.  We make it a point to never support these if 
possible.  We will only trade if the other system's offer is at or greater 
than our bid.  For instance, if we are 6/8 but have a strong inclination to 
buy and another system is at 7, I will simultaneously lift their 7's and move 
my market to 7/9.  The lesson the counterparty gets is he will only get the 
trade if I'm bidding 7 and he will only get executed when it is a bad trade 
to him.  People have learned fairly quickly not to leave numbers on the other 
systems because they will just get picked off.  If they don't post numbers on 
the other systems, the systems get no liquidity and die.

I mention this because I have heard that Enron is a fairly large trader on 
Spectron's system.  I don't know whether it is in regards to gas, power, or 
metals.  Just something to think about and maybe talk about with the other 
traders.
John

Andrew Fairley
02/20/2001 11:15 AM
Thank you so much for your time last week.

David and I found the time especially valuable. We have spotted several 
issues helpful for our own market.
This should certainly help in the growth of our markets here in Europe. We 
trust it won't be too long before we see similarly impressive results from 
our side of the pond.

Best regards 

Andy

Thank you.

   

	
	                           
	

Attached below is the complete list of users on ICE by company.  Let me know 
if you have any questions.

Per Andy, we are removing your access.

Sheri

	
	                           
	

ENA

ECC

EPMI

Here is everyone.

Thanks,
Stephanie

John Arnold would like to terminate his ID on the ICE, in addition he would 
like a list of who all the other ID's are. Can you please let me know.

Thanks
Andy

Michael:
Appreciate the idea.  However, with my natural long, I'm not looking to 
really trade around the position.  I believe ENE will continue to be range 
bound, but in case it is not, I don't want to forgo 50% of my option premium.
I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and 
will use calls to implement the stategy.  To that regards, I noticed I was 
not approved to sell naked calls.  I would like that ability in order to 
hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options.  Please look into 
that for me.
John.

John -

I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an 
opportunity to buy back the calls you sold.  Of course, you would then be in 
a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce.  I'm not sure 
that ENE @ 75 is the place, but maybe @ 73.  Call me if you're interested.

Michael Gapinski
Account Vice President
Emery Financial Group
PaineWebber, Inc.
713-654-0365
800-553-3119 x365
Fax: 713-654-1281
Cell: 281-435-0295

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

Looks good except for settlement period.  Industry standard and for ease to 
Enron, a spread trade is treated as two separate trades.  Therefore, there 
will be two settlement periods for the respective legs of the transaction.  
The file below states settlement period is 5 days after both legs have been 
set.  Please change to 2 settlement periods, 5 days after each respective leg 
has been set.
John

   

The attached spread product description has been created using a Nymex 
financial gas spread as the example.  Possible permutations to this product 
have been listed below the description.  Please review the product 
description and provide any suggestions, improvements, and/or additional 
permutations that have not been considered.

Thank you.
Kevin

We've started breaking out separate P&L's.  It's been a very difficult 
process so far for a number of reasons.  The last processes will be 
separating out the P&L on the executive reports and on VAR. That will happen 
this week.  Meanwhile, the P&L will be retroactive to the start of the year 
and we are going through all the positions such that the total skew is zero 
or an adjustment will be made to get it there.   At the end of the year there 
will be a number next to Maggi's name that he will not dispute.  His 
contribution to the fixed side when I'm on vacations or in meetings will 
continue to be a subjective process.

John

I don't see Maggie's line on the P/L

Lavo

Rory McCauley <Rory.Mcauley@GFInet.com> on 02/12/2001 01:47:46 PM
 - Jerky Boys - Prank Call to Chinese Restaurant.mp3

We will open EOL 4-7 on Monday for everyone's trading pleasure.

both.   i have it on dutch's machine just in case something ever pops up but 
it rarely does

I will send you the list. Are you having it removed because there is nothing 
on it, or because you don't want ot support them ?

Andy:
Can you remove ICE from mine and Mike Maggi's computer.   
Also, do we have a list of who has it installed.  I hate supporting our 
competition.
John

Andy:
Can you remove ICE from mine and Mike Maggi's computer.   
Also, do we have a list of who has it installed.  I hate supporting our 
competition.
John

I would do that.  I tried calling but got your voicemail.  Try me at 713 853 
3230

I am long 800 futures short swaps any interest.

Steven Lengkeek
Conectiv
302-452-6930

i didn't say you couldnt come down.   just not to expect much

Okay, you get reprieve on this today.  But I do have curly hair and high 
boots on. 

Have a GREAT (said like Tony Tiger) date, and don't attack her like you did 
the last one. MSA

Ina:
Can you get a small drink refrigerator for the office stocked with:
Water (lots)
Diet Coke
Coke
Dr. Pepper
Diet Pepsi
Various Fruit Drinks

Thanks,
John

Please change as indicated
John,

During a telephone conversation with Pete Liszewski, at 2.12 pm on February
7th, you agreed that the price for deal#863626 - NYMEX nat gas swap for
15,000 Apr 01 should have been $5.815 NOT $5.83 as you system wrongfully
indicated.
Would you correct the price in your system or inform your contract
administrator of the correction.
If you have any questions please feel free to contact Pete Liszweski at
405-553-6430.

Daniela Gencheva
Energy Trading Analyst II
OGE Energy Resources
TEL: 405-553-6486
FAX: 405-553-6498

Will change

John,

During a telephone conversation with Pete Liszewski, at 2.12 pm on February
7th, you agreed that the price for deal#863626 - NYMEX nat gas swap for
15,000 Apr 01 should have been $5.815 NOT $5.83 as you system wrongfully
indicated.
Would you correct the price in your system or inform your contract
administrator of the correction.
If you have any questions please feel free to contact Pete Liszweski at
405-553-6430.

Daniela Gencheva
Energy Trading Analyst II
OGE Energy Resources
TEL: 405-553-6486
FAX: 405-553-6498

i'll check

Any chance you might have found my credit card at your place?  I last
had it in my jeans pocket on Sunday night, but it isn't there anymore.

I'll get to your internet research requests this afternoon.

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

Rory McCauley <Rory.Mcauley@GFInet.com> on 02/12/2001 01:47:46 PM
 - Jerky Boys - Prank Call to Chinese Restaurant.mp3

Yesterday, Aquilla sold March at 5.77 and 5.76 for HeHub.  Please change it 
to Nymex

Rory McCauley <Rory.Mcauley@GFInet.com> on 02/12/2001 01:47:46 PM
 - Jerky Boys - Prank Call to Chinese Restaurant.mp3

it's one of those theoretically great trades, but those don't always work.  
Still, I'll put it on and win 7 times out of 10.  just so hard for the market 
to rally the backwardation is so weak. can easily see h going under if no 
weather appears. 

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/12/2001 09:41:04 AM
 wish i had let you buy all of them-cash supriingly weak to me. so i bailed on
the postion lost about 7 cts-not a disaster but a disappointment.
flat px looks like a pig here depite my not being overly bearish the
fundamentals. we hold or they take it down more??

i am free for drinks after work but have dinner plans

Caroline Abramo@ENRON
02/12/2001 01:28 PM
ok- no wednesday night- ha ha

could you do thursday??

the end of the season is typically the best month to hold. Even if the first 
part of the summer is weak, people will be hesistant to sell the back half.  
Same with the winter.  That's why I'm long H2.  It has good correlation with 
the front on up moves and tends to hold value on the down move.

   
	
	

Why Oct-01 and not any other Winter month? Vlady.

careful...i'm having another bad day

Well, well, well... just for that sassy response, I might have to come flirt 
with you today!  

	John Arnold@ECT
	10/25/2000 02:34 PM
		
Don't even think you're getting out of this with the "for a while" crap.  
Just for that you can add a star to the place we're going.

Hum, while it would be very interesting to see how you act on a date I think 
I'll have to pass.  My time could be spent in better ways (believe it or 
not!).  The El Orbits did play at Satellite Lounge alot so I'm sure that's 
where you've heard them or of them. 

Since I wouldn't want to play second fiddle, we'll have to postpone it for a 
while.  Have a good one, Margaret

	John Arnold@ECT
	10/25/2000 12:24 PM
		
The el orbits, eh? i've heard of them but don't remember who they are.   
there is a chance i've seen them at satellite i guess.

my, you are nosey.  i have a little date tonight.  wanna come along?

Hum, as much as I would love to be insulted by you for several hours straight 
tomorrow night, I have plans...actually, it's an Enron thing. A bunch of 
people are going to the Continental Club to hear the El Orbits, which happens 
to be my favorite band.  You should come. 

What are your plans tonight, since I'm being nosey?!  

Trade them up Johnny, Margarita

	John Arnold@ECT
	10/25/2000 07:34 AM
		
Deathly afraid doesn't even come close to describing it.  Busy tonight.  How 
bout tomorrow?

Okay, since you are deathly afraid of being nice to me, now about we go to 
grab a beer or dinner tomorrow night?  Does that work for you?

Liz:
I have 4 tickets for Destiny's child for you.  They're pretty good seats.  
I'll put these on hold while I still try to get a box...
John

Cast
John Arnold
Bill Perkins
Dean Theriot (trainer)

Dean: What's your favorite restaurant?
John: Why, are you trying to make Valentine's Day plans?
Dean : No.  I'm ready.  I've already bought a Valentine's card.
Bill : John's ready too.  He already has his Valentine's hickey.

FYI
 - ng2001-0211.doc

Ina:
Can you change my meeting with Sheriff's boys to Tueday after 3:00 from 
Monday.
Also, stick me on thedistribution for the Enron press pack that has all the 
articles in which Enron is mentioned.
Thanks

can you send it through lavo.  he's suppose to pay for it.
thanks,
john

Liz M Taylor
02/09/2001 09:16 AM
Hi Johnnie,

I think you may have encrypted your reply about the reimbursement of the air 
fare from the Super Bowl.  I was unable to read your response.  Please send 
again.

Liz

imagine you have a gas well in the middle of west texas and you only have one 
pipeline running to your well.  the guy who owns the pipeline can fuck you 
because you have no choice but to flow your gas that way.  split connect 
means you have at least 2 options to flow your gas so the price the producer 
receives is more competitive and if anything happens to one pipeline you 
don't have  to shut your gas in because you move it to another pipe.  

i'm going out with my brother and sime guys from work tonight.   are you free 
saturday day and night?

'Split connect' isn't in my petroleum industry dictionary.  I'm counting
on you for a definition.

Do you have plans tonight?

---- "Jennifer Brugh" <jmb@triadresources.com> wrote:
> Hey gang,
>
> We are set for brunch on Sunday at La Strada on Westheimer at 1:00.
>  Please,
> please, please be there by 1:00 or we lose the table, remember what
> happened last time!
>
> Looking forward to it!
>
> Jennifer
>
>

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

yea

Ina Rangel
02/09/2001 02:03 PM
John,

Is it okay to set up these guys on the gas message board?

-Ina

Hi Ina, 
the following need access to this please:

John McKay  jmckay1
Chris Lambie  clambie
John Disturnal  jdistur
Mike Cowan  mcowan1 
Ryan Watt  rwatt
Chad Clark  cclark5
Lon Draper  ldraper
Jeff Pearson  jpearso3 
Jai Hawker  jhawker

Thanks!
Ryan

can you change #23 and #375 to Nymex

can you change deal 27 (paribas) today to NYMEX from gas daily

hey hon:
had a great time last night.  you're one ok chick.
john

Dear John,

We are trying to get all subscriptions managed through eSource on a December 
to December rotation.  Your subscription to Energy & Power Risk Management 
will expire September, 2001. The prorated subscription cost for October - 
December, 2001 will be:

 Reg. Subscription Cost With Corp. Discount
Energy & Power Risk Management $93.75   $79.69

If you wish to renew this, we will be happy to take care of this for you.  We 
would appreciate your responding by December 18th.  Please include your 
Company and Cost Center numbers with your renewal.  

Thank You,
Stephanie E. Taylor
eSource
Houston
713-345-7928

Don't even think you're getting out of this with the "for a while" crap.  
Just for that you can add a star to the place we're going.

Hum, while it would be very interesting to see how you act on a date I think 
I'll have to pass.  My time could be spent in better ways (believe it or 
not!).  The El Orbits did play at Satellite Lounge alot so I'm sure that's 
where you've heard them or of them. 

Since I wouldn't want to play second fiddle, we'll have to postpone it for a 
while.  Have a good one, Margaret

	John Arnold@ECT
	10/25/2000 12:24 PM
		
The el orbits, eh? i've heard of them but don't remember who they are.   
there is a chance i've seen them at satellite i guess.

my, you are nosey.  i have a little date tonight.  wanna come along?

Hum, as much as I would love to be insulted by you for several hours straight 
tomorrow night, I have plans...actually, it's an Enron thing. A bunch of 
people are going to the Continental Club to hear the El Orbits, which happens 
to be my favorite band.  You should come. 

What are your plans tonight, since I'm being nosey?!  

Trade them up Johnny, Margarita

	John Arnold@ECT
	10/25/2000 07:34 AM
		
Deathly afraid doesn't even come close to describing it.  Busy tonight.  How 
bout tomorrow?

Okay, since you are deathly afraid of being nice to me, now about we go to 
grab a beer or dinner tomorrow night?  Does that work for you?

i think taking a cab is more convenient assuming we can find one on the way 
back.

Kim and I are going from here.  We were debating sharing a cab, or taking the 
bus from Enron Field. Any preference?

	John Arnold@ECT
	02/08/2001 10:25 AM
		
cute girlfriends....    I'm in

Oh, I was going to tell you that your invitation gives you the ability to 
invite a guest so if you wanted to bring Jennifer, you can.  But, I do have 
cute girlfriends going with me, so if you just want to go with us -- that 
will be fun!  I'm planning on leaving here around 6 -- you want to go with 
me??

	John Arnold@ECT
	02/08/2001 09:29 AM
		 
cute girlfriends....   I'm in

i think we would rally if march were the only thing traded.  Problem is 
summer and on out so weak.  trade scale up seller of jv as it gets close to 
600.  some customer selling in cal 2.  so h/j and j/k need to blow out 
because no other spread is moving.  i'm a seller of j/k so h/j needs to 
blow.  all other trade is scale up seller of that so it can move but slowly.  
it's a struggle each penny at this point.  at least one spread needs to break 
if we're going to run and i don't see that happening.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/08/2001 11:20:40 AM
i think we rally a little from here this pm-that said i dont think mar/may 
gonna
movre up much unless we see cash start to improve.. any thots on east cash? 
its
a pig-of course no loads. whats gonna be the driver for march/apr from here  
you
think?

cute girlfriends....    I'm in

Oh, I was going to tell you that your invitation gives you the ability to 
invite a guest so if you wanted to bring Jennifer, you can.  But, I do have 
cute girlfriends going with me, so if you just want to go with us -- that 
will be fun!  I'm planning on leaving here around 6 -- you want to go with 
me??

	John Arnold@ECT
	02/08/2001 09:29 AM
		 
cute girlfriends....   I'm in

cute girlfriends....   I'm in

we need one more good shot of cool air to ensure complete and utter chaos for 
the next 10 months.  hopefully this is it.  
you gotta love heffner...'if we take out the jan 31 low there is NO WAY 
anything bullish can happen'

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/08/2001 05:28:02 AM
thats what we wanna hear
This morning's 6-10 day forecast models are showing somewhat better
agreement.  All three models move the main cold trough axis to the Great
Lakes area by the last half of the period.  This shift allows for cold
Polar/Arctic air to pour into the Midwest and Northeastern states by
days 9 and 10 (as early as day 8 on the American).  The Canadian and
European continue more troughing in the southern branch in the
Southwestern states, keeping that area cool, but also forcing continued
ridging in the Southern states--from Texas to the Southeast--keeping
them warmer and away from the cold.  The American eliminates this
southern branch cold air protection early (by day 8), while the Canadian
breaks it down by day 10, implying that even the South would see cold
weather at the beginning of the 11-15 day period.  The European appears
to hold out the longest in bringing cold air to the South. In all cases,
the West Coast should see some gradual warming by late in the period.
All three models also continue a very amplified flow pattern in Canada
with a plentiful supply of strong, cold air.

More details, including early information from the ensembles, will be
available with the 6:30am ET release.

-Matt Rogers

split connect

you fucker that's my trade.   i was trying to buy nines the last 20 minutes.  
all i got was scraps.  50-100.  i think it's a great trade.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/07/2001 01:41:44 PM
that is nuts-good sale-im gonna sell jun or july otm calls at some point

this is the move i was talking about.   v/x implicitly trading 5.5 right now 
because cal 2 is weak.  some sell side deal got done there but jv is strong

just sold 500 q/u at .05      that was the pop i'm looking for

you will have 4 tix.  make your plans

Liz M Taylor
02/07/2001 09:08 AM
John,

Any word on the tickets?  If I can get just four that would be just fine.  If 
not, please no worries.  Many Thanks,  Liz

yea, i'll talk to them.

who should i call?

Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
10/25/2000 09:04 AM
John,

Looks like IT has decided not to install Internet Explorer 5.5 after all.  
The program is ready to go as soon as that is installed.  Do you want to put 
some pressure on them, or would you rather wait to see if they can fix it to 
work on IE 5.0?  You have 5.5 by the way, so I'm not quite sure what the 
problem is.  

Brian

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

	John Cheng@ENRON
	Sent by: John Cheng@ENRON
	10/24/00 08:52 PM
		
Brian,

We are not good to go here.  These are high profile traders and I do not want 
to install IE55 just for this chatting application.  I would like for 
Fangming to resolve whatever the problem is with IE5 first and go from there.

Again, sorry to be a pain and I understand your situation, but developers 
should not develop applications with unsupported dependencies.

-jkc

Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
10/24/2000 03:44 PM
John,

So are we good to go to install IE 5.5?  From you email yesterday, I was 
under the impression that we were.  I understand that you guys need to keep 
the integrity of the system, but these guys really need this program ASAP.  

Again, if you need additional support, we can get that for you.  Just let me 
know what you need to resolve the problem.

Thanks,
Brian

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

	Fangming Zhu@ENRON
	10/24/00 02:38 PM
		 
All,
As John suggested, I have contacted the Microsoft Expert on the IE 5.0/5.5 
issue early this morning. We actually had a conversition over the phone. I 
also sent him E-mail to describe the problem. So far I haven't heard anything 
from him yet. I adoult if he can solve the problem. In order to solve this 
browser issue, I suggest we can have 5-10 traders to install IE5.5 on their 
PC. If everything works fine, we can update everyone into IE5.5. It is really 
not my decision weather or not to use IE5.0 or 5.5. Right now everything is 
ready for users to test the application except the browser issue. 

Let me know when and how we are going to implement the messageboard 
application. 

Thanks,

Fangming

but what's a pig?

http://cnnfn.cnn.com/2001/02/03/deals/wires/delta_wg/index.htm

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

i think you're absolutely right about q/u.  again just a question of when to 
put it on.  Seems as if I'm always on the offer of that spread.  yesterday i 
had a 4.5 offer all day and i think i got 50 or so.  i can almost leg it 
better by buying winter and selling summer and the j/q spread. i would like 
to see it widen another penny before stepping in and i think with the 
weakness in the winter and relative weakness of cal 2, on any rally that 
could happen.

was that you on the q/u/v fly yesterday?

ok.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/05/2001 08:18:35 PM
thats my approach-i know youre doing well but i have no  idea how well. let me
put it to you this way completely between you and me. i have every expectation
of making myself about a a myn this year(dont want to jinx myself). ive herd
suggestions that this new deal cud be better cuz of the guarantees + bonus. i
dont know yet, hasnt been offered or even discussed directly. but if it does 
and
its very good they gonna need a ngas guy in houston. i think we could put
together a hell of a us team. ill let you know if/when i find out more if that
interests you. wouldnt be alot different from the job role you are currently
in..

remove from email list

don't care about the front.  i think its vulnerable to a good short squeeze 
like we saw on thruday and friday.  trade is getting short in here with cash 
such a piece.  if weather ever changes, which the weather boys are saying it 
might in 2 weeks, the cash players are going to be big buyers.  don't really 
want to carry length on the way down waiting for that to happen though.   
Backs are crazy stong.  cal 3 traded as high as +10.  everybody a buyer as 
california trying to buy any fixed price energy they can find

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/06/2001 11:19:45 AM
that made me laugh-good point. any strong view on ngas flat px? cuz i dont-but
seems hard so see it rally much with cash such a dog.

John.Arnold@enron.com on 02/06/2001 11:59:31 AM

he sends me his stuff... i like him because he's willing to take a stand.
so many technicians bullshit  their way "support at 5400-5600 but if it
breaks that look for 5250".  if every technician put specific trades on a
sheet with entry and exit points and published them every day, a lot of
people would be unemployed.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/06/2001 07:24:43 AM

you mite already get this, if not ill be happy to forward so let me know.
interesting comments on both gas and crude for the timing of seasonal lows
SOblander@carrfut.com on 02/06/2001 07:55:39 AM

The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Crude     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/crude12.pdf
Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/ngas12.pdf
Distillate     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/hoil12.pdf
Unleaded     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/unlded12.pdf
Spot Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/spotngas12.pdf

Nat Gas Strip Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/Stripmatrix12.pdf
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixNG12.pdf

Crude and Products Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixCL12.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

he sends me his stuff... i like him because he's willing to take a stand.  so 
many technicians bullshit  their way "support at 5400-5600 but if it breaks 
that look for 5250".  if every technician put specific trades on a sheet with 
entry and exit points and published them every day, a lot of people would be 
unemployed.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/06/2001 07:24:43 AM
you mite already get this, if not ill be happy to forward so let me know.
interesting comments on both gas and crude for the timing of seasonal lows
SOblander@carrfut.com on 02/06/2001 07:55:39 AM

The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Crude     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/crude12.pdf
Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/ngas12.pdf
Distillate     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/hoil12.pdf
Unleaded     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/unlded12.pdf
Spot Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/spotngas12.pdf

Nat Gas Strip Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/Stripmatrix12.pdf
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixNG12.pdf

Crude and Products Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixCL12.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

Parker Drew <Parker.Drew@msdw.com> on 02/06/2001 09:58:41 AM
Please respond to Parker.Drew@msdw.com
Deals #852287, 851654, 851191 unintentionally were traded  as Gas Daily
swaps instead of last day average swaps.  Could you see to it that they
are switched.  Thank you.    Parker

will do

Parker Drew <Parker.Drew@msdw.com> on 02/06/2001 09:58:41 AM
Please respond to Parker.Drew@msdw.com
Deals #852287, 851654, 851191 unintentionally were traded  as Gas Daily
swaps instead of last day average swaps.  Could you see to it that they
are switched.  Thank you.    Parker

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/03/2001 01:45:57 PM
but we all know ourselves which way we turned most often

 - Crossroads.jpg

probably not. it would have to have a lot of upside.  never hurts to listen 
though

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/05/2001 07:45:28 AM
i was in ny friday-had an interesting conversation with a company. would there
ver be a cirmcumstanbce in which you would consider leaving your currant
situation? dont have to say on this  and this is purely preliminary but you 
came
to mind . just a yes or no at this stage would do. ill let you more later on
phone.

The el orbits, eh? i've heard of them but don't remember who they are.   
there is a chance i've seen them at satellite i guess.

my, you are nosey.  i have a little date tonight.  wanna come along?

Hum, as much as I would love to be insulted by you for several hours straight 
tomorrow night, I have plans...actually, it's an Enron thing. A bunch of 
people are going to the Continental Club to hear the El Orbits, which happens 
to be my favorite band.  You should come. 

What are your plans tonight, since I'm being nosey?!  

Trade them up Johnny, Margarita

	John Arnold@ECT
	10/25/2000 07:34 AM
		
Deathly afraid doesn't even come close to describing it.  Busy tonight.  How 
bout tomorrow?

Okay, since you are deathly afraid of being nice to me, now about we go to 
grab a beer or dinner tomorrow night?  Does that work for you?

Mr Sturm:
Due to the California power crisis, Enron Gas Trading is unable to extend 
sell authorization on options to Enron Power Trading.  Please call if you 
should desire to sell any options and credit will be extended on a 
trade-by-trade basis.  We apologize for any inconvience.
Sincerely:
John Arnold
Vice President, Gas Trading
Larry May@ENRON
02/05/2001 12:51 PM
Please enable Flecther Sturm to sell options

Neal:
Referencing Apr-Oct 5315/35 and Nov-Mar 534/536, on the following volumes I 
am 533/536.  Feel free to call to transact.  713-853-3230

John,

I am interested in purchasing the following APR01-MAR02 NYMEX strip:

APR 2001 US Gas Swap NYMEX   86,650 MMBtu per month
MAY 2001 US Gas Swap NYMEX   69,018
JUN 2001 US Gas Swap NYMEX   38,820
JUL 2001 US Gas Swap NYMEX   36,927
AUG 2001 US Gas Swap NYMEX   41,019
SEP 2001 US Gas Swap NYMEX   49,938
OCT 2001 US Gas Swap NYMEX   76,252
NOV 2001 US Gas Swap NYMEX 103,140
DEC 2001 US Gas Swap NYMEX 113,696
JAN 2002 US Gas Swap NYMEX 119,015
FEB 2002 US Gas Swap NYMEX 105,902
MAR 2002 US Gas Swap NYMEX 110,769
     950,146 MMBtu Total

If interested, please indicate Enron's offer as well as where you're
offering the summer and winter strips online at the time.

Thanks in advance,

Neal Wood
Conoco Inc.
281-293-1975

no... i went with matt thurell from koch.  they've got some corporate 
townhouse out there.  very nice.  good to see the old days of waste aren't 
completely gone yet. 

slafontaine@globalp.com on 02/05/2001 06:59:36 AM
did you happen too meet my friend dwight anderson down there? a good guy. im
gonna take a wild gues since he was there and you were there and hes an enron
customer there is a good chance you guys were in the same place!! i got to 
stay
at one of those swanky enron beaver creek chalets a few years ago so i know
whats up.
   this weather disappoints again.

John.Arnold@enron.com on 02/04/2001 10:13:24 PM

i actually started writing this on thursday.  got distracted and left late
morning to go to Vail.  Apparently I missed a little craziness.  My point
on v/x is that forward spreads, months 3/4 and back, don't necessarily
trade on value, they trade on drawing a forward curve that makes
equilibrium between hedging and spec demand.  Look at k/m... do you think k
cash will average 3 cents above m.  i don't really see that scenario.  yet
that's what it is worth because the market says jv is worth $x and to get
there k/m=3.  The same argument applies to v/x.  i think this summer will
be exceptionally strong as we try to inject 2 bcf/d more gas than last
year.  But cal 2 will lag the move.  It's the main thing customers are
selling right now because every equity analyst and even Pira are telling
their customers that cal 2 will average 3.50.  so either the v/x and x/z
spreads come in or f/g g/h h/j blow out.  After this winter, who in there
right mind wants to buy f/g or g/h again.  my thought is that the primary
juice will be h/j but v/x and x/z will be under some pressure.  i'm a
seller at 9 and buyer at 5-6.  Not much in it either way though.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 01/31/2001 04:47:22 PM

you got me wrong-i wanna sell oct buy nov forward. look-two scenarios med
longer
term. we inject like mad early summer-economy stays crappy the frot of the
curve
gets slaughtered.-oct/nov goes to 3 cts sometime between now and end sep
   scenario 2-they dont enject what they want-oct /nov wil stay tite
between say
3-and 10 cts like this year but man after this winter they will panic at
some
point and buy the hell out of the winter strip and blow out oct /nov to 30
cts
cuz they panic. to me if that one was to ever backwardate it was this
summer-low
low stx and injections and they still blew out cuz they panicked about
winter-as
we see this winter now for good reason..?? capeche? i thinkit a win win

 you still in the damn mar/apr-i only sold a little prenumber-cant beleive
how
this got killed after-what changed?? from 1:30 to 2:05

John.Arnold@enron.com on 01/31/2001 05:41:45 PM

quit pressuring them    i want to sell some too.  actually sold a few at 9
on the close

slafontaine@globalp.com on 01/31/2001 12:40:07 PM

i hate hate that sprd-at 8 cts i think its such a good bearsprd-hope it
keeps
coming in. ill tell you why later

SOblander@carrfut.com on 02/05/2001 07:11:21 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Crude     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/crude11.pdf
Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/ngas11.pdf
Distillate     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/hoil11.pdf
Unleaded     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/unlded11.pdf

Nat Gas Strip Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/Stripmatrix11.pdf
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixNG11.pdf

Crude and Products Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixCL11.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

?
 - ng2001-0204.doc

i actually started writing this on thursday.  got distracted and left late 
morning to go to Vail.  Apparently I missed a little craziness.  My point on 
v/x is that forward spreads, months 3/4 and back, don't necessarily trade on 
value, they trade on drawing a forward curve that makes equilibrium between 
hedging and spec demand.  Look at k/m... do you think k cash will average 3 
cents above m.  i don't really see that scenario.  yet that's what it is 
worth because the market says jv is worth $x and to get there k/m=3.  The 
same argument applies to v/x.  i think this summer will be exceptionally 
strong as we try to inject 2 bcf/d more gas than last year.  But cal 2 will 
lag the move.  It's the main thing customers are selling right now because 
every equity analyst and even Pira are telling their customers that cal 2 
will average 3.50.  so either the v/x and x/z spreads come in or f/g g/h h/j 
blow out.  After this winter, who in there right mind wants to buy f/g or g/h 
again.  my thought is that the primary juice will be h/j but v/x and x/z will 
be under some pressure.  i'm a seller at 9 and buyer at 5-6.  Not much in it 
either way though.  

slafontaine@globalp.com on 01/31/2001 04:47:22 PM
you got me wrong-i wanna sell oct buy nov forward. look-two scenarios med 
longer
term. we inject like mad early summer-economy stays crappy the frot of the 
curve
gets slaughtered.-oct/nov goes to 3 cts sometime between now and end sep
   scenario 2-they dont enject what they want-oct /nov wil stay tite between 
say
3-and 10 cts like this year but man after this winter they will panic at some
point and buy the hell out of the winter strip and blow out oct /nov to 30 cts
cuz they panic. to me if that one was to ever backwardate it was this 
summer-low
low stx and injections and they still blew out cuz they panicked about 
winter-as
we see this winter now for good reason..?? capeche? i thinkit a win win

 you still in the damn mar/apr-i only sold a little prenumber-cant beleive how
this got killed after-what changed?? from 1:30 to 2:05

John.Arnold@enron.com on 01/31/2001 05:41:45 PM

quit pressuring them    i want to sell some too.  actually sold a few at 9
on the close

slafontaine@globalp.com on 01/31/2001 12:40:07 PM

i hate hate that sprd-at 8 cts i think its such a good bearsprd-hope it
keeps
coming in. ill tell you why later

jerryrice@israd.2ndmail.com on 01/29/2001 03:23:57 PM
Please respond to jerryrice@israd.2ndmail.com

NEW NEW SEX Thing!!!=20

Become Director of Your Own Movie!=20

For all those who love sex, crazy ideas, and games=20
we have thought up something new for you.=20

Every day you can pick from our range of over thirty models, which are=20
changed=20
every month, and become a screenwriter and director of your own film.=20

Like the idea? So why not take part?=20

All you have to do is write a two-minute film script, choose your cast=20
(combinations of up to six people, regardless of sex) and send it off to us=
.=20
Within 2 days we will send you the completed film. It sounds so promising=
=20
and easy, and it really is!=20

After paying a membership fee we will be ready at your beck and call=20
to act out your screenplay.=20

You can combine your models any way you want - they are all bisexual=20
and do anything, including extreme S&M.=20

Films are delivered electronically. You will recieve email with link to=20
download the movie. Sample of the scripts are in free section on our pages=
=20
www.xmoviedirector.com=20

You can see the movies and compare with the scripts. There are other free=
=20
videos (every week new five small videos) and galleries with S=02?pictures.=
=20

visit us at our website www.xmoviedirector.com=20

#######################################################################=20
To discontinue receipt of further notice and to be removed from our databas=
e,=20
please=20
reply with the word Remove in subject. Or call us at #954/340/1628 leave yo=
ur=20
email=20
address for removal from the database and future mailings. Any attempts to=
=20
disrupt=20
the removal email address etc., will not allow us to be able to retrieve an=
d=20
process=20
the remove requests.=20
#######################################################################

?

?

?

?

quit pressuring them    i want to sell some too.  actually sold a few at 9 on 
the close

slafontaine@globalp.com on 01/31/2001 12:40:07 PM
i hate hate that sprd-at 8 cts i think its such a good bearsprd-hope it keeps
coming in. ill tell you why later

agree guys are short h/j.  hard to see a big move with cash/futures trading 
flat.  agree that it has some squeeze potential though.  Started moving today 
as, simultaneously, march started running up and j aron won a big customer 
deal.  customer, maybe a hedge fund, bot 1000+ jv 450 puts.  weather 
frustrating me too.  a little long but it's in the backs so I haven't been 
hurt.  Sure would be nice to get some more weather and have this thing start 
going crazy again.  Seen liquids processing come back on at these levels.   
Would guess more than 50% has from peak.  Industrial demand different story.  
industrial economy just so weak that many petchems and others are burning 
less because of their markets, not fuel costs.  Chrystler is a prime 
example.   Any switching back to gas from industrial or switching back to 
domestic production from overseas muted by weak economy.   

slafontaine@globalp.com on 01/31/2001 10:46:50 AM
ive been short side just reversed in case weather-plus i think everyone and 
his
brother short h/j agree? mite take a loss on it but seems low risk next day or
two from 45 cts. this weather pissing me off tho. you see much industrial 
demand
and changeover in fuel switching t this feb -mar px level? my sources saying
yes. hope all is well. talk soon

we have 4    do you want them?

Errol McLaughlin@ENRON
01/31/2001 08:56 AM
thanks

Lauren Urquhart
10/25/2000 11:23 AM
John

I am the assistant to John Sherriff.

John mentioned to me yesterday that your brother was going to contact us via 
e-mail.

We have not receieved or heard anything.

Communication is required here.

Please have your brother call me on 0207-783 7359 or e-mail me at the above 
address on John on john.sherriff@enron.com.

Thank you!

Lauren

i got 2 for tomorrow.

i will try to get tomorrow.  if not, is another day okay?

Errol McLaughlin@ENRON
01/31/2001 07:46 AM
John,

Could you do me a big favor.  Sherry has been really working hard and doing a 
good job.  Do you think that you could talk with one of your contacts and get 
her a pair of Rockets tickets.  I know they are a playing the Clippers 
tommorrow night.   I know that no one else wants to see the Clippers, but 
she's never been to a game and would really appreciate it.

Thanks,

Errol, X5-8274

Contact Andy Rowe at 713 966 2107.   
They are a medium term fundamental energy player.  They have never indicated 
any interest in anything besides nymex or hub gas daily, but that may 
change.  They have interest in trading on EOL but have not gotten approval 
yet.

Caroline Abramo@ENRON
01/28/2001 03:37 PM
John- can you give me the name of your business line contact there, job 
function and phone number?  Also, whatever you know about their trading 
style- are they macro, program, technical?  Would they be interested in the 
same service we give Tudor, i.e do they want a salesperson to bring them 
ideas from our various trading groups??  Do they want to trade on-line or are 
they already??

Based on what you come back with, I'll give a call over there and see how I 
can resurrect the ISDA negotiations and get them trading...

Talk to you Monday,
CA

thank you four you're note.  i am only twelv years old so i wont bid anymore. 
i am sorry.

Angelica Paez <ampaez@earthlink.net> on 01/25/2001 09:35:23 PM
Since you are my high bidder on the girlie magazines, it is of utmost
importance that you be of 21 years of age or older due to graphic material.
If scantily clad gals offend you or you are of a religious nature, please do
not bid further.  On the other hand, if you like it, bid on!  Thank you.
--
---
Angelica M. Paez

check with mike and dutch.  can they come any earlier?

Ina Rangel
01/30/2001 12:31 PM
John,

The guy from Nymex can not come until next week, Thursday  2/8/01 at 4:00.   
It will last at a minimum of three hours and a maximum of 4 hours (which is 
unlikely).
 There is nothing on your calendar for that day.  Will this day and time work 
for you?  Let me know and then I will send an email out to the desk to make 
arrangements to attend the meeting that day.

-Ina

you're done

does this mean that you are a seller at 70% of the number you put in your 
retail column??  If so....

i will take 

PJ Fluer
Dom
La Grande Dame

the cristal looks a little pricey @ 200,  but @ 140 i'll take that too.

John Arnold
01/22/2001 09:37 PM
Gentlemen:
The following champagne is available at 70% of approximate retail price. Also 
have interest in trading for red wine.  Retail prices derived from Spec's 
website or Winesearcer.com.  Wine has been stored at temperature controlled 
private wine storage facility.

Quan      Vintage  Wine         Retail
3  1990  Perrier Jouet Brut Fleur de Champagne  110 
1  1988  Piper Heidsek Reserve    65 
2  1990  Dom Perignon     125
1  1990  Veuve Cliquot Ponsardin La Grande Dame 100
1  1988  Taittenger Millesine Brut    85 
1  1992  Jacquart Millesine    29
3  1990  Roederer Cristal     200

Any interest??

Please respond to Jennifer
	
	

Are you going to do this? I am happy to--- I just need you to print the 
forms--- i'll do it and we can jointly sign and keep everyone happy. IF it's 
okay with you I am going to give him his numbers
JF

Andy:
I just briefed Lavorato on the credit issues.  His comment was that Bradford 
is going through defcom 3 over California right now and to give him a week 
when things start to get sorted out there. 
John

Guys:
We are going to run EOL on Sunday from 2-4 pm due to the big game.  Can you 
post a message on EOL to that respect.
Thx,
John

Greg:
Somehow I talked Lavo into it.  Can you reserve your jet for this Sunday 
around midnight?
Thanks,
John

lumber

huh?

   
	
	

have you considered GD vs HO daily (HH vs NYHO) 

	
	

make that 450 @ 11.75

you bot 475 at 11.75

83

SOblander@carrfut.com on 01/24/2001 06:25:43 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Crude     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/crude13.pdf
Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/ngas13.pdf
Distillate     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/hoil13.pdf
Unleaded     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/unlded13.pdf

Nat Gas Strip Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/Stripmatrix13.pdf
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixNG13.pdf

Crude and Products Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixCL13.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

Hey:
Any interest in King Biscuit after work??

Gentlemen:
The following champagne is available at 70% of approximate retail price. Also 
have interest in trading for red wine.  Retail prices derived from Spec's 
website or Winesearcer.com.  Wine has been stored at temperature controlled 
private wine storage facility.

Quan      Vintage  Wine         Retail
3  1990  Perrier Jouet Brut Fleur de Champagne  110 
1  1988  Piper Heidsek Reserve    65 
2  1990  Dom Perignon     125
1  1990  Veuve Cliquot Ponsardin La Grande Dame 100
1  1988  Taittenger Millesine Brut    85 
1  1992  Jacquart Millesine    29
3  1990  Roederer Cristal     200

Any interest??

Hey:
Sorry I've taken a few days to respond.  Just the more I think about it, the 
worse of an idea it seems for both of us.  There is nothing good that can 
come of it either professionally or personally.  I still regard you as a good 
friend.  Nothing has changed that nor do I think we need to act weird around 
each other going forward.  Something I think we both wanted to try and we 
did.  Maybe best left there though.  
John

fine

John - do you mind sharing your Fimat line with the crude traders?  Current 
usage is about $6 million.  Also Warren thought that he might be able to 
change the variation limit from about $10 million to $6 million.  This change 
would allow us to use the line for $14 million for original margin (they have 
a good rate.)  Warren is going to call you about it.  Sarah

SOblander@carrfut.com on 10/25/2000 07:02:54 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Crude     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/crude72.pdf
Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/ngas72.pdf
Distillate     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/hoil72.pdf
Unleaded     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/unlded72.pdf
Stripmatrix     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/Stripmatrix72.pdf

Perpetual Gasoline   http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/perpetual
gasoline72.pdf

Tom:
My assistant spoke to Judy Smith about myself and my partner grabbing an 
extra seat on the jet to Tampa. 

My partner and I were invited to the game by a couple of gentlemen from New 
York that I do business with.  Unfortunately, since I run the nat gas 
derivatives desk and February expiration is next Monday, the only way we 
could go is if the jet were coming back Sunday night.  No commercial flights 
would get us back in time.  

Judy indicated it was fine if we caught a ride on the way back, so my 
contacts in NY booked the trip, including buying game tickets.  I am now 
hearing that you may be leaving early Sunday night.  I was just wondering if 
your plans had firmed up.  Obviously, it would be tremendously helpful to me 
if the plane were leaving after the game.  

Please advise,
John

jeff:
checking to see if you're still on for dinner.   wine room at aldo's at 7:00. 
drinks at your place before?

john

cacio,
try jshankm@enron.com
john

Dear  John,

First of all, congratulations. You have made headlines in Brazil.
Whenever you come to our country, let me know, so I can provide you with
assitance.

When convenient, please let me know Jeff Shenkman's(Enron Global Markets)
email, so I can get in contact.

All the best,

Cacio Carvalho

____________________________________________________

Dear Jeff,
After reading a series of reports on Enron Global Markets,  I decided to get
in contact.
I live in Brazil and had a chance to meet Jim Ballantine whom was(until
recently) heading Enron's operations in Brazil.
Currently, I work as an Strategic Planning Manager at Copergas, a Natural
Gas Distributor located in Northeast Brazil (partly owned by Enron).
Jim once mentioned that EOL intends to come to Brazil. According to the
press, Enron Global Markets will be responsable for expanding the EOL
platform worldwide.
I want you to know that my professional background includes IT, Government,
Marketing and Business Development. When Enron Global Markets decides to
expand into Brazil, let me know.  I will be more than happy to join such an
outstanding team.
My best  and a SUPER 2001,
Cacio Carvalho

	
	

Hello Vanderbilt Team!

First, Congratulations on a wonderful Fall!  Of the 13 offers extended, we 
have 3 declines, 3 outstanding, and 7 acceptances!

Now its time for Summer Intern recruiting.  Jeff McMahon and I met to 
finalize the schedule and assigned each of you a time to participate.  If you 
are unable to attend the event for which you are scheduled, please find a 
replacement and let me know as soon as possible.  I will assume that everyone 
is attending their assigned event unless I am told otherwise.

Jan. 22, 7:00 PM - Outstanding and Accepted Offer Dinner - Nicole Alvino, 
Brian Steinbrueck, Katie Stowers, Jim Wininger, Ashley Dietz
Jan. 23, 1 - 5 PM - Intern Career Fair - Jim Wininger, Ashley Dietz, Brian 
Steinbrueck
Jan. 23, TBD - Enron Research Fellows Interviews - Nicole Alvino, Katie 
Stowers

Jan. 31, 7:00 PM - Open Presentation - Jeff McMahon, John Arnold, Jodi 
Thrasher, Rusty Kelley
Jan. 31, 8:00 PM - Dinner with Research Fellows - Jeff McMahon, John Arnold, 
Jodi Thrasher, Rusty Kelley

Feb. 11, 7:00 PM - Pre-Interview Reception - Cheryl Lipshutz, Steve 
Venturatos, Michelle Juden, Christine Straatman
Feb. 12, 8 - 4 - First Round Interviews - Cheryl Lipshutz, Steve Venturatos, 
Michelle Juden, Christine Straatman
Feb. 13, Second Round Interviews - Jeff McMahon, Jeff Ader, Andy Zipper

If any of you have any questions or need additional information, please call 
me at 3-0322 or Shawna Johnson at 5-8369.  You will receive detailed event 
sheets as we get closer to each event.  Thanks again to everyone who helped 
make this Fall so successful!
Beth

scott:
we'll do it next time you're in town.  
thanks,
john

SOblander@carrfut.com on 01/16/2001 04:39:46 PM
John,
Thomas Carroll and I would like to know if you would be available for
dinner this Thursday night the 18th?
Possibly 7 PM?
Let me know.
Scott

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

no thx
i'll send them soon

Karen Arnold <klarnold@flash.net> on 01/16/2001 09:29:13 PM
I finished your 1999 Vanguard statements.  Do you want me to return them to
you?
Now I need your 2000 year end statements.  Please forward as soon as possible.
Thank you once again for George Foreman.
Love, Mom

of course.  i think you have a few favors in the bank with me. do you need 4 
or 8?

Liz M Taylor
01/17/2001 11:49 AM
Hi John,

Destiny's Child is performing at the LiveStock & Rodeo Show on Sunday, Feb. 
18.  I have two little nieces who are huge fans.  I would love to take them 
to the show.

I was wondering if you could use your broker contacts for some really great 
seats( 4 to 8)(indivdual or in a suite) I'm more than willing to pay for the 
tickets.  

I'll take care of you down the road w/Rockets, Astros and Texan ticket!

Liz

Jennifer Burns

01/12/2001 12:46 PM

As mentioned during the fourth quarter, Gary and I would like to begin 
regular meetings of our Trader's Roundtable.  The ideas generated from this 
group should be longer term trading opportunities for Enron covering the 
markets we manage.  In addition, this forum will provide for cross commodity 
education, insight into many areas of Enron's businesses, and promote 
aggressive ideas.  

Each week, we'll summarize commodity trading activity, and provide an open 
forum for discussion.  Your input is valuable, and we've limited this group 
to our most experienced traders, and would appreciate regular participation.  
Our first meeting will be Tuesday, January 16 at 4:00pm in EB3321.

I'll be there

Vince J Kaminski
01/12/2001 04:41 PM
I would like to invite you to a meeting with Jeff Shankman on Tuesday
January 16, 3:30 p.m.  at Jeff Shankman's office.

We are meeting to plan the agenda for the Tiger Team, a group of about 20 
Wharton School
students visiting Enron.  A Wharton  tiger team works through a semester on a 
special project, proposed by
a corporation. The team sponsored by Enron works on project regarding the 
impact of
electronic trading on the energy markets. The semester long project will  
result in a report that
will be submitted to Enron for review and evaluation. I hope that  you will 
find this report useful.

 We have invited our tiger team to visit Enron. The students will arrive on 
Thursday, 
January 18, and will spend Friday at Enron. I would appreciate if you could 
find 30 minutes
on Friday to talk to the students.

The meeting with Jeff on Tuesday  should not last longer than 10-15 minutes.

Vince

ina
telerate on my computer at home is not working.  can you get fixed?
john

Deathly afraid doesn't even come close to describing it.  Busy tonight.  How 
bout tomorrow?

Okay, since you are deathly afraid of being nice to me, now about we go to 
grab a beer or dinner tomorrow night?  Does that work for you?

speed on eol
message for monday 
how to move to algorithms
dave or tom moran

i don't ask...i think he think he'll jinx it if he talks about it.

Karen Arnold <klarnold@flash.net> on 01/11/2001 08:19:05 PM
You are having dinner with the two of them of Friday?? You must give me a 
full report!!!!
Do you hear anything more about Matthew being transferred overseas?

i said i'm a vp and run natural gas derivatives trading and she asked if she 
could eliminate derivatives because then she'd have to write two more 
sentences about what that was.

There is no John Taylor at Ocean, and I don't remember the other name
you mentioned on the phone.  Whoever you were talking to last night was
confused.

I found the article in the Baltimore Sun.  Since when are you VP of natural
gas trading?

I'm meeting the girls at Saba tonight in the event you don't have plans
and want to join us.

Jen

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

a couple of observations from here:
cash/futures getting whacked.  whereas last weekend cash traded $1 over G, 
this weekend will probably trade $.15 over.  the lack of weather giving the 
market time to regroup.  good thing because another week of cold and the 
system was going to break.   certainly still has that chance in feb.  saw 
utilities recently staying on a verystrict withdrawal schedule and meeting 
any extra demand through spot market.  in effect, they said we're not 
withdrawing anymore so we'll buy marketers storage.  they had to encourage 
marketers to sell it to them, so cash was extremely strong in periods of even 
normal demand and should continue to be if/when any weather comes again.  
this week demand so low that utilities can meet demand without buying much in 
mkt.  g/h getting whacked in sympathy.  
probably priced 25 term deals through broker market  and own originators in 
past two days.  24 were from the buy side.  it's as if pira came in and told 
everyone term was cheap.  however, they've got the opposite view.  customers 
just seeing gas at $4 anytime as being okay now.  don't see any let up in 
back support for a while.  
front spreads the hardest call right now.  g/h h/j j/k ??? can't decide what 
to do with them and from the volatility in them, appears neither can anybody 
else.  almost think best play is taking feb gas daily against march, hoping 
for a cold spell that breaks the system and get a couple $20+ prints in 
cash.  probably as likely to happen in g as h and g/h has much less 
downside.  

doing well here.  actually having the best month ever 11 days in.  played 
front short against term length.  got out of front shorts today.   probably 
early but gas has a history of getting off the canvas when least expected.  
will keep term length meanwhile.   i've hated summer backwardation forever.  
agree about u/h.  a little less crazy about  the trade now because i think 
the easy money was made over the past two days.  unbelievable spec demand for 
next winter over past week kept summer winter spread constant on rally up and 
crushed on move down.  jv/xh went from 22 to 3.5 in 5 days while front 
virtually unchanged.

don't know what to think of this summer longer term.  certainly not as easy 
as it was last summer when it was obvious $3 was not equilibrium for gas.  
now $6 for this summer, i don't know.  we're gonna have to inject the hell 
out of gas and keep some demand priced out for a long time.  but we will feel 
production increase hit the market.  just buy vol.

slafontaine@globalp.com on 01/11/2001 04:48:32 PM
im getting really bullish mar/may-deliverabulty ayt these propective stx gonna
be hampered big time-thyre expensive but im not sure the mkt has a feeling for
what gas can do yet with normal weather and implications on the economy-as a
real estate owner getting a little scared. ngas is going to wreck morot 
gasoline
now-watch it go next then maybe heating oil

you doing alrite?

Glad to hear progress is being made.
I went to Vandy but a little later... 1992-5.

Significant progress was recently made between Enron's and Salomon Smith
Barney's counsels.  We have offered Enron a $50 million facility that can be
used for both original and variation margin.  With these elevated NYMEX
margins, I am sure it will help your P/L.

Our counsel, Bob Klein is meeting with Citibank's attorneys to discuss some
of the small issues where we both share some exposure.

Citibank is one of your lead commercial banks while SSB is one of your lead
investment banks.  The relationship is so sound, we will work out the
wrinkles.  I'll be in touch.

P.S. Someone told me you went to Vanderbilt..any chance 1988-1992ish?

http://www.baltimoresun.com/content/cover/story?section=cover&pagename=story&s
toryid=1150540202173

Karen Arnold <klarnold@flash.net> on 01/08/2001 09:14:44 PM
Remember, this is the year for family vacation.  So, any ideas?????

http://www.baltimoresun.com/content/cover/story?section=cover&pagename=story&s
toryid=1150540202173

Can you put a notice on EOL that due to MLK day, we will be closed Sunday and 
be offering Nymex products only from 4-7 on Monday.
Thanks,
John

next Thursday at 7:00 pm

Yes, yes, yes.  When would be helpful, bubbie.

John Arnold
01/09/2001 04:10 PM
Bubbie:
You are hereby invited to the tenth annual Spectron/Enron Celebrity Tony's 
dinner featuring Brian Tracy, John Arnold, and Mike Maggi.

Regrets only,

John

SOblander@carrfut.com on 01/10/2001 06:42:29 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Crude     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/crude82.pdf
Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/ngas82.pdf
Distillate     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/hoil82.pdf
Unleaded     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/unlded82.pdf

Nat Gas Strip Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/Stripmatrix82.pdf
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixNG82.pdf

Crude and Products Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixCL82.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

Certainly encourage CSFP to transact all volumes with us.  If they shop the 
deal, everyone will front-run the volumes and they won't get a good price on 
the deal.  
Financial deals settle 5 days after the index has been published.  Physical 
deals settle much later.   My understanding is this is a financial deal.

   
	
	

The New York office has been speaking to Credit Suisse First Boston for 
roughly 6 months about a producer hedging deal that is part of a strucutured 
deal they're putting together. It now looks as if it will get done in the 
next 3 weeks-1 month so we want to get all the necessary credit issues taken 
care of. 

In brief, the deal is a fixed price one, basis TCO (67% of the volumes) and 
CNG (33%) with a fixed price Nymex component as well. It will settle against 
the Inside FERC indices for both locations. The term of the deal is from 
December, 2000 to December 2012. The volumes decline throughout the term from 
roughly 22,000 mmBtu/d to 13,000 mmBtu/d. The average daily nominal volume is 
17,000 mmBtu/d. As I understand it, these volumes are about 65% of the 
producers' total volumes. I've attached a spreadsheet to this message with 
more details. 

There are a couple of contractual and credit issues that CSFB wants to 
clarify. 

First, there is a question of the monthly cash settlement. CSFB would like 
payment to take place on the fifteenth of the month following the date both 
the floating and fixed prices are known. As I understand it,  for the 
December settlement, which would be known in early December, cash payment 
would take place on February 15, 2000. 

Second, there is a question of a parent guarantee from Enron Corp. 
Apparently, there is an existing credit arrangement in place between ENA and 
Credit Suisse First Boston International - the same counterparty that we 
would be dealing with here - that has a $15 million guarantee from Enron 
Corp. CSFB would like to increase this guarantee to at least $100 million. 
(CSFB already has an unlimited guarantee from Enron Corp. for a deal they've 
done with us in Europe so in their opinion it should not be an issue). 

 There is another minor issue involving centralizing credit discussions with 
the aim of securing a similar credit arrangement for CSFB's dealings with 
EnronCredit.com - which may be an issue for London rather than Houston. 
However, CSFB agreed that this was a secondary issue in relation to this 
transaction.

CSFB would like to do the entire deal through us, rather than having to split 
it among one or more counterparties. Per, Caroline Abramo, and I are meeting 
with Paul tomorrow to discuss various credit issues, including this one. 
Ideally, CSFB would like to have a good idea of where they stand by the end 
of this week. 

Please let me know if you have any questions or suggestions.

Regards,
Russ

sorry i've taken so long...just been trying to fend off the chicks.   life is 
sooooo hard sometimes.

MONKEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Monkey;

Hey you little bastard, what the fuck are you doing in a picture in 
E-Company???  What, do you think that should help you score women.  How do 
you say BALANCE SHEET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Yeah Monkey,

B

Bubbie:
You are hereby invited to the tenth annual Spectron/Enron Celebrity Tony's 
dinner featuring Brian Tracy, John Arnold, and Mike Maggi.

Regrets only,

John

please schedule a round of interviews with john griffith with scott, hunter, 
phillip, and tom asap (today if possible).
thx

what's this about?
Ina Rangel
01/03/2001 03:52 PM
	
	

Please forward to your groups IMMEDIATELY.   

Thank you, 
Amanda Huble

Colin Tonks@ECT
01/03/2001 03:39 PM
If you are currently accessing the EOL database via Excel, Access or any 
other means, please contact Colin Tonks (x58885).

EOL intends to stop access to the data within the next month. This means that 
any spreadsheets or Access databases will not function subsequent to this 
change.

We are currently working with EOL to attain a solution, and need your help to 
build an inventory of all potential problems.

Colin Tonks

John:
I would like for you to come talk to a couple more people on the gas floor 
about a possible position down the road.  My assistant Ina Rangle is going to 
schedule a couple interviews.  Please coordinate with her.
John

I want John to interview with the various desk heads (Scott, Hunter, Phillip, 
Tom).  I think I'm going to tell John not to mention the past.   It's an 
issue that doesn't need to be made public and as long as Lavo and myself are 
okay with it, I don't see the need to get individual approval from everyone.  
Thanks for your help,
John

Ed McMichael
01/03/2001 08:37 AM
Thanks for the inquiry.  I sincerely appreciate you giving me the heads up.  
As much as it pains me to say yes, I think John has proved himself worthy and 
I am willing to let him interview for the job.  As we talked about before, my 
only condition is that you guys make sure you are willing to take him if he 
comes out on top.  If there is any chance that his past will negatively 
influence your decision, I am not willing to let him interview.  He handled 
the last experience with real maturity, but I do not want him to have any 
more reasons to doubt his ability to overcome his past by working hard and 
proving himself here.  He is very valuable to me and ENA.  Please let me 
know.  
Ed  

      

John Arnold
01/02/2001 09:04 PM
Ed:
I am starting options on EOL in about two weeks.  As we discussed earlier, I 
don't have the appropriate manpower to run this in certain circumstances, 
such as when I'm out of the office.  As such, I'd like to bring in John 
Griffith for anohter round of interviews for an options trading role with 
your permission.  
John

greg:
what is the (correct) formula you devised for profitability on last trade is 
mid?

glad you enjoyed yourself even though you didnt get to go to ny.   maybe next 
year.  Had a great time in new orleans but it was freezing.  nice to get 
away.  going to vegas this weekend to watch the football games.
love you,
john

Karen Arnold <klarnold@flash.net> on 01/01/2001 08:59:53 PM
Well, never got to NY to enjoy New Years and the blizzard.? However, by 
staying in Dallas, did experience a white New Year's eve.? Never made it to 
Addison Cafe for New Year's eve dinner (back up plans), roads were just too 
bad.? But I cooked fresh salmon at home and we had a very lovely dinner. 

Hope you had a wonderful celebration (not quite the same as last year in 
Sidney, now was it) and brought in the new year with a bang!

Have a happy, healthy and much more prosperous 2001!? I wish only the best 
for you.? Love you much, your Mom

are you free for a drink/dinner Wednesday night?  

Ed:
I am starting options on EOL in about two weeks.  As we discussed earlier, I 
don't have the appropriate manpower to run this in certain circumstances, 
such as when I'm out of the office.  As such, I'd like to bring in John 
Griffith for anohter round of interviews for an options trading role with 
your permission.  
John

not me

Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
10/23/2000 03:47 PM
Never mind.  Did you do that?

Brian T. Hoskins
Enron Broadband Services
713-853-0380 (office)
713-412-3667 (mobile)
713-646-5745 (fax)
Brian_Hoskins@enron.net

	John Cheng@ENRON
	Sent by: John Cheng@ENRON
	10/23/00 03:47 PM
		
All,

Sorry for the lengthy thread.  A service request has been opened with 
Microsoft on the IE5 issues and her application.

Regards,

-jkc

John Cheng
10/23/2000 02:41 PM
Sent by: John Cheng
Brian,

I apologize if I didn't make myself clear over the phone.  There is a process 
that we must follow for software upgrades to ensure compatibility with 
existing applications and supportability for the helpdesk staff, even if it 
is for a small subset of the population.  Furthermore, all applications must 
be packaged by Application Integration before it gets rolled out to the 
desktops.  As you can see, it is more than dispatching desktop support to 
install the application itself.

Have you guys look at other technologies such as NetMeeting?  It is installed 
with IE5 and provides real time chat.

I don't mean to be a pain in the neck, but I must advise against IE5.5 at 
this time.

Regards,

-jkc

Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
10/23/2000 01:25 PM
John,

I talked to Fangming, and unfortunately, her program is not compatible with 
IE 5.0.  Let's proceed with the installation of IE 5.5.  This is an extremely 
important program that all of the traders will be using.  If you need 
additional resources, I can arrange for this.  Just let me know what you 
need.  

These are the people we need to set up with the upgraded version.

Thanks,
Brian

He joined the group 2 weeks ago.   Put him in my cost center.

   
	
	

John,
Is there a man by the name of Henry (Dutch) Quigley who will be working in 
your group?  His name was not on the list I sent to you previously,
but he showed up on another list from HR as being assigned to your group.  
Please let me know and I will make any necessary adjustments
to your cost center for him.

Thank you,
Edie Leschber
X30669

take me off your mailing list

U.S. Bellows/PT&P: Manufacturer of Expansion Joints, Compensators and more.

December  2000

[IMAGE]

www.pipingtech.com? |? www.usbellows.com? | www.swecofab.com?  

U.S. Bellows Responds to Emergency  Order from Alaska Nitrogen Products, LLC 
for a 48" Dia. Expansion  Joint
U.S.  Bellows, Inc., the expansion joint division of Piping  Technology & 
Products, Inc., has once again shown its  dedication and devotion to its 
customers by rushing to the emergency  call of Alaska Nitrogen Products, 
LLC.? Alaska Nitrogen  Products called upon U.S. Bellows 24 x 7 
quick-turn/emergency  service to aid them in the immediate replacement of a 
deformed, 48"  diameter expansion joint when their G417 Pump failed suddenly 
during  the plant startup.? The timeline of events demonstrates the  quick 
engineering and manufacturing response from  U.S.Bellows:  

[IMAGE]

[IMAGE]
07/21/00 (Friday) 5:30 p.m.,  U.S. Bellows receives an emergency call from  
Alaska Nitrogen Products,  LLC.

[IMAGE]
07/22/00 (Saturday) U.S.  Bellows/PT&P builds the 48" diameter expansion  
joint and ships it to Alaska Nitrogen Products,  LLC on the same  day.

[IMAGE]
07/22/00 (Saturday) U.S.  Bellows/PT&P builds the 48" diameter expansion  
joint and ships it to Alaska Nitrogen Products,  LLC on the same  day.

[IMAGE]

Deformed  expansion joint at Alaska Nitrogen  Products

[IMAGE]

The 48"  Dia. expansion joint ready for shipment to  customer's  location

[IMAGE]

[IMAGE]

?24 x 7 Quick-turn/Emergency Services

?On-site Field Services

[IMAGE]U.S. Bellows/PT&P is available on a 24x7 basis to  fulfill any 
emergency requirements that might arise in the course of  plant shut-downs or 
start-ups.? Using the unique web and  internet-based technology, the U.S. 
Bellows "on-call" engineering  team guarantees a response time of 30 
minutes.? For details  about this new service, please refer to 
http://www.usbellows.com/emergency.html  or the U.S. Bellows' recent press 
release (http://www.usbellows.com/news/pr03.htm)

U.S. Bellows/PT&P has  extensive experience providing on-site services in 
quick-turn or  emergency response situations.? U.S. Bellows/PT&P can  provide 
on-site services for expansion joints (as well as for pipe  supports) which 
include the following:?

Installation  guidance.[IMAGE]  
Inspection  and maintenance.[IMAGE]  
Problem resolution  

Quick-turn replacement  during shutdowns and turnarounds

[IMAGE]

? Discussion  Forum

? Customer  Desktop

[IMAGE]Post your product inquiries,  request for technical support, 
comments/questions about PT&P and  its products here at PT&P Discussion  
Forum.  

To use this service, please register at  
http://www.pipingtech.com/discussion.htm/

[IMAGE]Using PT&P Customer Desktop, you can  check the shipping status of 
your projects and jobs from anywhere in  the world, at anytime of day or 
night.??  

[IMAGE]
Secured
[IMAGE]
Accurate  Information
[IMAGE]
Integratable with MS  Excel

[IMAGE]Register today at http://www.pipingtech.net/CD_RegMain.asp?

[IMAGE]

? Catalogs

[IMAGE]
[IMAGE]
[IMAGE]
[IMAGE]
Pipe Supports Catalog
Expansion Joint Catalog
Pre-insulated Pipe Supports  Catalog
Instrument Supports  Catalog

[IMAGE]
[IMAGE]
[IMAGE]

Would you like for U.S.  Bellows to come out to your office to make a 
technical presentation on  a specific topic (e.g. expansion joints) or to 
make a general  presentation?? Contact U.S. Bellows Outside Sales at 
+1-713-731-0030  or on e-mail at sales@mail.pipingtech.com to  setup a time 
and date.

** U.S. Bellows,  Inc./Piping Technology & Products, Inc.?does not send 
unsolicited  email.

If you do not wish to receive future emails from U.S.  Bellows/Piping 
Technology & Products, Inc. or relevant third parties,  please fill out the 
unsubscribe form at http://www.pipingtech.com/forms/unsub.htm/?or  simply 
reply to enews@mail.pipingtech.com with  unsubscribe in the subject line if 
you do not have  internet connections.

Feel free to send this  message to a friend or business associate or have 
them fill our the  subscribe form at 
http://www.pipingtech.com/forms/unsub.htm?or  send their email addresses to: 
enews@mail.pipingtech.com to  be included in future E-Newsletters from U.S. 
Bellows/Piping Technology  & Products, Inc.  

i'm paying you in stock options

take me off your mailing list

I am pleased to inform you that one of Canada's leading business service
providers, Grant Thornton LLP, is now offering US firms a full Site Location
Advisory Service.

With over forty offices across Canada, Grant Thornton LLP knows Canada.  We
are finding that more and more US corporations are looking north as they are
faced with fewer satisfactory location alternatives in which to expand.
Canada, with its relatively large and well trained work force, not to
mention lower operating costs, is increasingly being considered by companies
such as yours.

Grant Thornton LLP would be pleased to discuss this service with you.  It is
a full service that includes, on your behalf, real estate sourcing, labor
force analysis and verification, tax analysis and comparison, and incentive
negotiations.

Should you be considering expanding your operations and interested in
discussing our service, please give us a call.  More and more United States
firms, from call centers to manufacturers are locating in Canada to serve
both their US and Canadian customers.

Based in Moncton, New Brunswick Canada, I can be reached at:

 Telephone     (506) 857-0100
 Cell Phone    (506) 381-1450
 E-Mail           mmacbride@grantthornton.ca

Michael S. MacBride, CMA
Senior Consultant

Grant Thornton LLP
Chartered Accountants
PO Box 1005
633 Main Street Suite 500
Moncton New Brunswick Canada  E1C 8P2

This e-mail is intended solely for the person or entity to which it is
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged information.  Any
review, dissemination, copying, printing or other use of this e-mail by
persons or entities other than the addressee is prohibited.  If you have
received this e-mail in error, please contact the sender immediately and
delete the material from any computer. 

you must bet sugar and orange bowls

John J Lavorato@ENRON
01/02/2001 07:25 AM
current including tb -500 equals 4170

i was thinking about 25.  i'll sell everything on access down 15

Mike Maggi@ENRON
01/01/2001 05:28 PM
15-25 lower

if we were open today, where would you open it?

that info is correct.

   
	
	

John,
My name is Edie Leschber and I will be your Business Analysis and Reporting 
Contact effective immediately.  I am currently in the process of
verifying team members under your section of the Gas Team.  Attached is a 
file with the current list.  Please confirm that your list is complete and/or
send me changes to it at your earliest convenience.  New cost centers have 
been set up due to the reorganization and we would like to begin using these
as soon as possible.  I look forward to meeting you and working with you very 
soon.  Thank you for your assistance.

Edie Leschber
X30669

i would have paid you in full Tueday morning and resigned my bookie 
services...

John J Lavorato@ENRON
12/31/2000 10:43 AM
Almost pulled off the 4 tease yesterday.
I was robbed

Denver +3 350
Phili +3 350

Torrey:
Can you also approve Mike Maggi to trade crude as well.  Thanks for your help.
John

don't forget you owe me dinner...

torrey:
please set me up to trade crude.
John

fill me in.  how can i eavesdrop??

I belong to a natgas discussion group on the internet. This is from one of 
the guys. Basically they are a bunch of gastraders from various firms ( a lot 
of producers, some industrials, some small shops and few i--banker types) I 
found the test to be mildly amusing. And since I had no idea what 'club no 
minors' was-- i was hoping for some insight from you guys. Fortunately, the 
lovely Ms. Shipos was able to fill me in.

Anyway, while occasionally garbage, the discussions do provide insight on 
what others are thinking of production, storage and other such matters. And 
when I was a marketer, I found a few leads. Finally, since a lot of the 
information revolves around gossip about a particular 'super trader' at the 
big ENE , i find it amusing that one of the most reserved and modest 
individuals I know is so talked about on the internet.

JF

very useful...thx.   keep me posted

Caroline Abramo@ENRON
12/22/2000 11:41 AM
Hi- all the funds are trying to figure out what the play is for next year- 
major divergence of opinions.  Most everyone we talk to takes a macro view.

+ Dwight Anderson from Tudor thinks anything above $6 is a sale from the 
perspective of shut in industrial demand- he believes that between $6-7 no 
industrial (basic industry type) can operate.  He tracks all the plant 
closures similar to what Elena does in Mike Robert's group but it seems on a 
more comprehensive level (Jen- it would be good for fundamentals to track 
this number- do some scenario analysis on it under various economic 
conditions- like recession!!).  I will try to find out what his total number 
for turned back gas is- just ammonia is a little more than 1/2 Bcf which does 
not seem all that meaningful but the total may bring us back into balance for 
the summer.

While he's a seller above $6, he'd also be a buyer of summer at lower levels
He firmly believes in increased production in 02 (still has 1.1 day short) 
based on his relationship with the producing community although I personally 
think that 1Q02 sees little.  I know that the fundamentals group is tracking 
these numbers from the producing community and has seen no increase in 3q 
over 2q and is doubtful for any in 4q over 3q.

He really believes theories on products being out of whack- heat/gas, 
crude/propane....

+ Jim Pulaski is a bull period- he really likes april and may on the 0 
storage scenario- I agree that we try to build storage in April but with the 
backwardation out there what is the incentive??? as well, with lower 
baseloads for the summer- deliverability should not be an issue.  I am torn 
on this one.

+ Catequil- new fund- Paul Touradji - used to be with Tiger- they do the same 
analysis as Dwight- just starting up and one of their mandates is to be long 
nat gas!! through vol or outright.

+ Harvard- not really sure of the view yet- they have not been active in gas 
just crude/products- they like buying cheap vol- because they do not have MTM 
issues- they like to look out in the calendar years. 

+ The other people we are starting relationships with in the new year are: 
Moore Capital, Global Advisors, Caxton, Paloma Partners, Kingdon, Renaissance 
(program trader) - just so you know the names- as I get to know them better, 
I'll try to fwd on thoughts regularly.

Have a great holiday!  I'll be here next week.

Caroline

thx  and have fun on vaca

Hey:
Sorry I didn't get to come by before I left. I have been in London since 
12/15.I hope the expiry goes smoothly for you. Also I hope your holliday 
season is going well ( however abridged it is by the NYMEX and Enron)
 Many of the guys over here asked about nat gas and EOL in the US. I 
suggested they visit with you when they are over in the US. In particular, 
Chris Mahoney (gasoil trader) will be in Houston the 27 t0 30. I told him he 
should come and watch you deal with the AGA number and NX1 at the same time. 
Chris is a really good guy. His team loves him and will definitely play a 
large role in turning the crude and products group around. 

 Anyway you were a great pal over the last 12 months and gave me a lot of 
good advice. I do miss listening to the banter on the gas floor (and the 
gambling!), but there are a lot of good people in crude and products 
(especially in London) and I think we will be able to deliver on the goods. I 
think you are wonderful and I'm very happy we had the chance to work together.

Happy New Year!
Jen

PS I am coming back on the 6th. Once I finish up the week, I am off to Berlin 
for New Year's Eve and then a little trip over to Prague.

PPS If there is any other info you need let me know. By Jan 15, I should have 
about 15 analysts and be able to devote some to special projects.

PPS       A London HOuston Comparison
    London     HOUSTON
Employee Referral  BMW Z3     Maybe 2K, usually a slap on the back
Parking Avail   10 spots     100's
Parking Fee   Monthly auction, with 10 top ten bids  Set annual, space yours 
for your ENE life
    winning, lowest of the ten setting 
    monthly price
Building   Across from Buckingham Palace  Demilitarized zone
Holiday   5 weeks      ???? 
Trading Day   8 am - 8:30 pm    6-6:30
Closest Bar   British Pub, one Block   Ninfa's Allen Ctr

John Arnold
26/12/2000 19:03
sorry didnt respond to your message.   don't know how to do that instant 
messenger thing anymore.  volume very, very light.  most of stated volume in 
spreads and TAS.  No one seems to want to be in the office this week.   
Everyone wants to get this year over with.  
Keep pumping in the fundamental info.   very good stuff and i'm not getting 
it anywhere else.

   
	
	

Hey

what is this???

   
	
	

RBrown5658@aol.com@wwwww.aescon.com on 27/12/2000 12:04:03
Supplemental Bonus question: See no 12---- Is Jeff Shankman's picture there

Here is your year end NG quiz.  Forgive pore spelling please!

1.   On Jan 4, 2000, what was the settle price of the prompt month Nymex
contract?

2.   What caused numerous OTC energy brokerages to consolidate or go out of
business in 2000?

3.   Every 11 years, an astronomical event occurs that correlates with high
energy prics.  This is one of those years.  What is the event?

4.   What trading company's motto is "unrelenting thinking?"

5.   What is intellectual capital?  Where was the idea of it conceived?

6.   If a supertrader is wearing a blue shirt with white collar and cuffs,
what is the appropriate foot accesory:  red socks, sandals or "spats"?

7.   On March 31, 2000, what was the settle of the prompt month Nymex
contract?

8.   What is the name of a prominent national weather service that doesn't
provide intra-day Canadian air temp graphics?

9.   What is a "polar pig"?   Who coined the phrase?

10.  What do Nicholas Leeson and Value-at-Risk have in common?

11.  What type of food is served at the restaurant in Houston which houses
the famous bar - "Club No Minors"?

12.  What is the name of the small town in Texas where the Natural Gas
Traders Hall of Fame is allegedly located?

13.  What is the name of the $1.59 grocery store tabloid that predicted our
current weather on Sept. 12, 2000?

14.  What are the names of the three northern hemisphere weather models used
today?

15.  In the year 2000, what astrological event had a 100% correlation with
counter-trend price moves?

16.  On Feb 3, 2001, what astrological event will occur that some floor
traders say will affect price of NG?

17.  In the year 2000, one Houston oil company paid $160 million to learn the
hard way that OPEC can do what?

18.  What was the highest IFGMR index posted to date?

19.  What city issued warrants for the arrest of several of its gas utility's
executives in 2000?

20.  Who is the president of Enron Online?

21.  During 2000's Shell Open golf tourney, within a 25 cent window what was
the average price of the prompt month Nymex contract?

22.  What weather event struck Ft. Worth, Texas on March 28, 2000?

23.  How many Nobel laureates advised the supertraders at failed Long Term
Capital Management?

24.  What is a "deal cop"?

25.  The AGA states upon its web page that portion of the gas business that
it represents.  Which of the following is that group? Traders, marketers,
pipelines, utilities, home consumers, producers, industrials?

26.  What type of meat product was used to verbally describe AGA's Chris
McGill's reaction to the notion that there would be a shortage of gas supply
this winter?

27.  How many utilities have been rumored to be considering bankruptcy in
California due to high energy prices?

28.  The original design for Alliance pipeline was conceived where and drawn
on what?

29.  Which of the following is considered to be improper to put on a
Philadelphia Gas Works expense account: business mileage, business meals,
business lodging or artworks?

30.  At a late night industry party during Gas Fair this year, two female
brokers were mistakenly hassled by Houston Police as possibly being of what
occupation?

wish you guys were going a week earlier.  i'm going next weekend.  too much 
vegas is bad for the soul....and the wallet.

Jennifer Shipos
12/27/2000 04:28 PM
Come to Vegas with us.  (Jan 12-14)  If you are going to spend a fortune on 
your painting, you should at least see it one more time before you buy it.   
What do you think? 

The positions went over limits due to the sale of HPL and subsequent unwind 
of hedges associated with the transaction.   Attempts are being made to 
unwind those positions currently

Kenneth Thibodeaux@ENRON
12/28/2000 09:43 AM
The PRELIMINARY DPR indicates a Maturity Gap Risk violation for Gas Trading 
as follows:

 12/26 Maturity/Gap Risk:  202 Bcf
 12/27 Maturity/Gap Risk:  205 Bcf
 Maturity Gap Risk Limit:    200 Bcf

Please provide an explanation for the memos.  If you have any questions, 
please call me at 5-4541.

Thank you,

Johnny Thibodeaux

Jim Schwieger
12/27/2000 02:49 PM

Please approve Dutch for ICE

   

John,

Can you send an email to Stephanie Sever to approve my access to the ICE 
system.

Dutch

	
	                           
	

Dutch,

As John Arnold is not an approver on ICE, please have him send an email 
giving his OK for your access.

Thanks,
Stephanie x33465

Here is the name of an available options trader:
Jeremy Sorkin
VP, Deutsche Bank
713 757 9200

Would fit Enron culture, but have had little contact with him professionally.
Might be worth bringing him in.   Tell me if you want me to call him.

yep

Caroline Abramo@ENRON
12/12/2000 03:59 PM
J/M- I have Jason Hotra- their trader coming in tomorrow- maybe I can drag 
you 2 away for a few minutes after 3.  

see you tomorrow,
ca

duke8duke

Ina Rangel
10/24/2000 03:16 PM
The Enron Messaging System is going to be implemented soon and I have been 
asked to collect everyone's login ID.  Please forward me your login ID and I 
will send to the correct people.

Thanks
-Ina

sorry didnt respond to your message.   don't know how to do that instant 
messenger thing anymore.  volume very, very light.  most of stated volume in 
spreads and TAS.  No one seems to want to be in the office this week.   
Everyone wants to get this year over with.  
Keep pumping in the fundamental info.   very good stuff and i'm not getting 
it anywhere else.

   
	
	

Hey

asshole

John J Lavorato@ENRON
12/23/2000 10:51 AM
john

I cant' seem to make my gambling problem go away.

bills +3 250
denver -7 250
jack +3 1/2 250

asshole

John J Lavorato@ENRON
12/24/2000 08:45 AM
rams -3.5
wash -7
raiders -9 1/2
balt -5
bears lions over 37
eagles bengals under 35 1/2
pats +4
vikings +5.5

the market had to get to a price whereby these guys shut down.  there is just 
not enough gas to allow everybody who wants to to burn it.  the elasticity of 
demand is in the industrial sector.  million dollar question is have we 
gotten to a high enough price whereby we end the year with gas in the ground 
and deliverability to meet a late cold snap.  shutdown of processing, 
distillate and resid switching, loss of industrial load...maybe we have.
good holidays,
john

slafontaine@globalp.com on 12/22/2000 07:11:26 AM
Plants Shut Down and Sell the Energy
By Peter Behr
Washington Post Staff Writer
Thursday, December 21, 2000; Page E01
Kaiser Aluminum Corp. had planned to spend December making aluminum at its
giant smelters in the Pacific Northwest, run by electricity from the
Bonneville Power Administration's Columbia River dams. Then it saw a better
deal. With California desperate for power and electricity prices hitting
unheard-of peaks, Kaiser shut down its two U.S. smelters last week. It is
selling the electricity it no longer needs -- for about 20 times what it
pays Bonneville under long-standing contracts.
It is a measure of this winter's fuel crunch: Some big industrial firms in
energy-intensive sectors such as paper, fertilizers, metals and even
oil-field operations can make more money by selling their electricity or
natural gas than manufacturing their products. The shifts by such large
industrial consumers of energy -- described as unprecedented by analysts --
will free up more fuel for households and businesses this winter. But they
also are sowing seeds of potential problems next year. Shortages of aluminum
and fertilizer, for example, are likely to give another upward jolt to
consumer prices and further weaken the economy, analysts said.
"The fertilizer picture is particularly worrying us because we don't know
what they're going to use to grow crops with," said David Wyss, chief
economist at Standard & Poor's. Some economists have recently increased
their warnings about the damaging impact of this winter's heating bills on
an already weakening economy. Goldman Sachs analysts last week estimated
that gas heating bills will double this winter to more than $1,000 for a
typical U.S. household.
That and higher electricity prices will cost consumers $20 billion in higher
energy costs compared with a year ago, they estimated, cutting the expected
growth in the nation's economic output by one percentage point on an annual
rate in the first three months of next year. "Overall, the recent energy
price developments have thus added to the risk of a sharp economic
slowdown," the Goldman Sachs report concluded. Terra Industries Inc., in
Sioux City, Iowa, has closed three of its six U.S. ammonia plants, which use
natural gas as a main ingredient for fertilizer production. Like Kaiser, the
company realized it would be much more profitable to stop production in
December and sell the natural gas back to the market at current prices,
which are much higher than the price Terra was obligated to pay under its
existing December supply contract, said Mark Rosenbury, chief administrative
officer.
"We looked at these [current] prices and said, 'This is crazy,' " he said.
Terra hasn't disclosed the profit it will make selling its gas, but
Rosenbury said it would be "substantial."  In coming months, Terra's good
fortune could be reversed. It usually buys gas a month at a time, and the
prices for January delivery most likely will be well above its break-even
point. That would keep Terra's plants closed, Rosenbury said, but eliminate
the opportunity to sell the natural gas at a profit. "If this persists,"
Rosenbury said, "it's going to be a real problem."
He estimates that out of a total annual U.S. production capacity of 18
million tons of ammonia, about 4 million tons of production isn't operating
now. "Could we be short of fertilizer next spring? It's possible that
farmers will not have as much as they want," Rosenbury said. Royster-Clark
Inc., a Norfolk and New York City-based fertilizer manufacturer and
distributor, has shut down its one plant in East Dubuque, Ill.,
indefinitely, and 72 production workers will be laid off, beginning next
month. The story is the same -- natural gas prices are too high to justify
continued production. "We believe it's likely this is a speculative bubble
[in natural gas prices] that will burst and in a few weeks we'll be able to
buy gas at a more reasonable price, but that remains to be seen," said Paul
M. Murphy, the company's managing director for financial planning. A
continuation of high natural gas prices would likely shrink production and
raise fertilizer prices to a point that could affect farmers' decisions to
plant feed corn, he said. "It's sticker shock."
According to Wyss, if this winter remains unusually cold and natural gas
remains above $7 per million cubic feet -- double the level a year ago --
farm products could rise significantly a year from now and into 2002. In the
aluminum industry, several smaller producers have joined Kaiser, the
industry's No. 2 manufacturer, in closing down, noted Lloyd O'Carroll, an
analyst with BB&T Capital Markets in Richmond.
Aluminum production in November was 8.3 percent below that of November 1999,
and December's production will be lower still, he said. "We'll get more
production cut announcements, I think," he said. A slowing in the U.S. and
world economies next year could ease the impact of reduced aluminum
supplies. "But if the world economy doesn't fall completely apart, then
[aluminum] prices are going to rise, and they could rise significantly more
than the current forecast," he said. In Kaiser's case, it's an open question
how much of its electric windfall it will keep. Kaiser is contractually
entitled to buy electricity from Bonneville at $22.50 a megawatt per hour,
says spokesman Scott Lamb. That is the power it has sold back to Bonneville
for $550 a megawatt hour for December.
But the Bonneville Authority is pressuring Kaiser to use these and future
profits from power resales to compensate employees at the shut-down plants,
to invest in new electric generating capacity, or even to refund to
Bonneville's other customers, said Bonneville spokesman Ed Mosey. Kaiser and
Bonneville have negotiated a new power purchase deal to take effect after
next October, but the power authority says it intends to reduce deliveries
to Kaiser if the company tries to pocket the electricity sale profits. "Out
here, a deal is a deal, but it has to be a moral deal. There has to be an
ethical dimension to this and we're not shy in trying to make sure they live
up their advantage in having access to this publicly-owned power," Mosey
said.
, 2000 The Washington Post Company

slafontaine@globalp.com on 12/22/2000 07:11:26 AM
Plants Shut Down and Sell the Energy
By Peter Behr
Washington Post Staff Writer
Thursday, December 21, 2000; Page E01
Kaiser Aluminum Corp. had planned to spend December making aluminum at its
giant smelters in the Pacific Northwest, run by electricity from the
Bonneville Power Administration's Columbia River dams. Then it saw a better
deal. With California desperate for power and electricity prices hitting
unheard-of peaks, Kaiser shut down its two U.S. smelters last week. It is
selling the electricity it no longer needs -- for about 20 times what it
pays Bonneville under long-standing contracts.
It is a measure of this winter's fuel crunch: Some big industrial firms in
energy-intensive sectors such as paper, fertilizers, metals and even
oil-field operations can make more money by selling their electricity or
natural gas than manufacturing their products. The shifts by such large
industrial consumers of energy -- described as unprecedented by analysts --
will free up more fuel for households and businesses this winter. But they
also are sowing seeds of potential problems next year. Shortages of aluminum
and fertilizer, for example, are likely to give another upward jolt to
consumer prices and further weaken the economy, analysts said.
"The fertilizer picture is particularly worrying us because we don't know
what they're going to use to grow crops with," said David Wyss, chief
economist at Standard & Poor's. Some economists have recently increased
their warnings about the damaging impact of this winter's heating bills on
an already weakening economy. Goldman Sachs analysts last week estimated
that gas heating bills will double this winter to more than $1,000 for a
typical U.S. household.
That and higher electricity prices will cost consumers $20 billion in higher
energy costs compared with a year ago, they estimated, cutting the expected
growth in the nation's economic output by one percentage point on an annual
rate in the first three months of next year. "Overall, the recent energy
price developments have thus added to the risk of a sharp economic
slowdown," the Goldman Sachs report concluded. Terra Industries Inc., in
Sioux City, Iowa, has closed three of its six U.S. ammonia plants, which use
natural gas as a main ingredient for fertilizer production. Like Kaiser, the
company realized it would be much more profitable to stop production in
December and sell the natural gas back to the market at current prices,
which are much higher than the price Terra was obligated to pay under its
existing December supply contract, said Mark Rosenbury, chief administrative
officer.
"We looked at these [current] prices and said, 'This is crazy,' " he said.
Terra hasn't disclosed the profit it will make selling its gas, but
Rosenbury said it would be "substantial."  In coming months, Terra's good
fortune could be reversed. It usually buys gas a month at a time, and the
prices for January delivery most likely will be well above its break-even
point. That would keep Terra's plants closed, Rosenbury said, but eliminate
the opportunity to sell the natural gas at a profit. "If this persists,"
Rosenbury said, "it's going to be a real problem."
He estimates that out of a total annual U.S. production capacity of 18
million tons of ammonia, about 4 million tons of production isn't operating
now. "Could we be short of fertilizer next spring? It's possible that
farmers will not have as much as they want," Rosenbury said. Royster-Clark
Inc., a Norfolk and New York City-based fertilizer manufacturer and
distributor, has shut down its one plant in East Dubuque, Ill.,
indefinitely, and 72 production workers will be laid off, beginning next
month. The story is the same -- natural gas prices are too high to justify
continued production. "We believe it's likely this is a speculative bubble
[in natural gas prices] that will burst and in a few weeks we'll be able to
buy gas at a more reasonable price, but that remains to be seen," said Paul
M. Murphy, the company's managing director for financial planning. A
continuation of high natural gas prices would likely shrink production and
raise fertilizer prices to a point that could affect farmers' decisions to
plant feed corn, he said. "It's sticker shock."
According to Wyss, if this winter remains unusually cold and natural gas
remains above $7 per million cubic feet -- double the level a year ago --
farm products could rise significantly a year from now and into 2002. In the
aluminum industry, several smaller producers have joined Kaiser, the
industry's No. 2 manufacturer, in closing down, noted Lloyd O'Carroll, an
analyst with BB&T Capital Markets in Richmond.
Aluminum production in November was 8.3 percent below that of November 1999,
and December's production will be lower still, he said. "We'll get more
production cut announcements, I think," he said. A slowing in the U.S. and
world economies next year could ease the impact of reduced aluminum
supplies. "But if the world economy doesn't fall completely apart, then
[aluminum] prices are going to rise, and they could rise significantly more
than the current forecast," he said. In Kaiser's case, it's an open question
how much of its electric windfall it will keep. Kaiser is contractually
entitled to buy electricity from Bonneville at $22.50 a megawatt per hour,
says spokesman Scott Lamb. That is the power it has sold back to Bonneville
for $550 a megawatt hour for December.
But the Bonneville Authority is pressuring Kaiser to use these and future
profits from power resales to compensate employees at the shut-down plants,
to invest in new electric generating capacity, or even to refund to
Bonneville's other customers, said Bonneville spokesman Ed Mosey. Kaiser and
Bonneville have negotiated a new power purchase deal to take effect after
next October, but the power authority says it intends to reduce deliveries
to Kaiser if the company tries to pocket the electricity sale profits. "Out
here, a deal is a deal, but it has to be a moral deal. There has to be an
ethical dimension to this and we're not shy in trying to make sure they live
up their advantage in having access to this publicly-owned power," Mosey
said.
, 2000 The Washington Post Company

i know

Jennifer Shipos
12/21/2000 12:45 PM
Thanks.  You're the best!

Any idea what amount of switching in gas equivalents does the implied demand 
of resid equate to?

   
	
	

JA:
See note on switching. It is hard to monitor the distiallte because any 
switching is being absorbed by the incessant arrival of European cargoes. We 
hope to have you guys some better numbers before the end of the week.

Alex Mcleish@ENRON
20/12/2000 02:40
PIRA report attached - bit uninspired this week, like the stats.

Crude went back to the usual pattern and built 2 .4 mbbls, as opposed to an 
implied draw (excl SPR) of 2 (although half of this in PADD 5). Perhaps 
surprisingly, runs were down again, but most of this was non-CDU, and 
gasoline bore the brunt of the output drop as a result. 
Distillate demand, the main factor to watch, did fall, but not by much (240 
kbd), and only another weak import showing prevented a build. The cold 
weather and switching are definitely having an impact, as this demand is well 
above last year's Y2K inflated levels. Most of the draw was in low sulphur 
material, but PADD 1 still suffered a 500 kbbls drop in heating oil stocks. 
However, it does sems to be building up in PADD 3.
Gasoline stocks did build, but interestingly only in blending components, not 
the finished material. Evidence of high gas prices impacting on production? 
Stocks rose in PADD 1 by almost the same amount as they fell in PADD 3. 
Imports were very strong, however, at 500 kbd.
Again, the real shoker was resid - demand up 57% to 1600 kbd, an incredibly 
high number, and clear evidence (if repeated next week) of switching.

thx

Jeanie Slone
12/19/2000 04:51 PM
Dutch requested a meeting with me today and I gave him the scoop on the 
promotion.  I will follow-up with him after our meeting the first week of 
Jan.  He was ok with everything.  let me know if you need anything else.
Jeanie Slone
12/19/2000 10:09 AM
John,
As we discussed earlier, ENA HR is working with the A/A program to develop a 
process for placing sr. spec into associate titles.  Unfortunately, that 
process has not been finalized and as such, Dutch is not yet an associate.  
Ted is finalizing the process this week and it will likely require Dutch to 
interview with 4 other commercial managers outside of ENA.  

Additionally, there are two other sr. spec. on the gas trading floor in 
similar situations and we will be discussing them at a promotion meeting to 
be held the first week of Jan.  I would like to handle all of these 
consistently and had planned to include Dutch's promotion in this 
discussion.  I would recommend that we hold on a title change for Dutch until 
after this meeting and manage it through the promotions process.

Per the message attached below, Dutch believes he has already received the 
title change.  Please clarify the situation with him at your earliest 
convenience.  If you need my assistance with this please let me know.   I 
apologize if there was any confusion from our previous discussions.  Please 
contact me with any questions/concerns.

people.finder@ENRON
12/19/2000 09:19 AM
Sent by: Felicia Buenrostro@ENRON
Dutch,

Unfortunately, I cannot make that change for you.

Please contacct your HR Rep (Jeanne Slone).  Your HR Rep can only change your 
title.  

Thanks.

Felicia

Dutch.Quigley@enron.com on 12/18/2000 08:05:19 AM
My job title needs to be updated to ASSOCIATE.

Dutch

can you program my steno in the offices like the ones on my desk?

	
	

GREETINGS FROM GARP!   WE ARE HAVING THE NEXT MEETING JANUARY 30th AT ENRON.  
TIME 6:30PM UNTIL 8:30PM 
 
Vince Kaminski will lead a discussion regarding volatility in the energy 
markets.

Please RSVP to Rita Hennessy.  Her email address is rita.hennessy@enron.com

 

Thanks...It just seems like all the time.

Andy Zipper@ENRON
10/24/2000 03:41 PM
FYI regarding Sunday outages.
Andy, Here is what I am aware of regarding availability of EOL for Sunday 
Trading.

The first Sunday that we opened for trading (I believe it was 10/1), we 
experienced a shutdown of the entire site late Saturday which, unfortunately 
included our monitors, which is why we were not aware of it until just prior 
to trading time.  Trading was to open at 2:00pm and we had the site up by 
aprox 2:15pm.

I am not aware of any issues on 10/8 and 10/15.

This past Sunday, 10/22 we had a problem with a release that we pushed out on 
Saturday.  We are working on our release procedures and will make every 
effort to have smoother releases in the future.

I hope this answers your questions, if not feel free to give me a call.

3-0305
bbh

	Andy Zipper
	10/24/2000 09:04 AM
		 
Can we get to the bottom of this asap.
John Arnold@ECT
10/22/2000 06:23 PM
Andy:
I tried to open EOL at 4 on Sunday, but we had systems problems that delayed 
the opening until 6:05.  This is the third time in four or five sessions when 
EOL had problems on Sunday.  Anything you can do to improve reliability would 
be appreciated.
John

Andy:
I just spoke to a guy named Neil Hanover.  He is a fund trader for a company 
in London.  He asked the head EOL marketer to give him a call about setting 
him up on the system.  Can you help?
his number is 011 44 207 397 0840

john

please remind me

Ina Rangel
12/18/2000 10:25 AM
The nurse from the health center will be here on Tuesday, December 19, 2000 
to give flu vaccinations to anyone interested.

   EB3269
   3:00 PM - 4:00 PM
   Tuesday, 12/19/2000
   Cost: - free for Enron employees and $10 for contract employess.

just called   they're on vacation for two weeks.......that sucks

OK, you don't have to twist my arm.

5 more hours... I can't wait!
Jen

---- John.Arnold@enron.com wrote:
>
> hey:
> any interest in seeing cirque du soleil saturday?
>
>

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

hey:
any interest in seeing cirque du soleil saturday?

Brian Hoskins is an analyst who rotated off the gas floor.
Pete Keavey now reports to Scott Neal

My aa is Ina Rangel

   

John, 
Do you have any changes or vacancies?  Also who is your administrative 
assistant?

Thanks,
Tammy
x36589

John,

Attached is the org chart with updates I have received to date.  Please 
review your organization and advise if you have changes.

I'd like to give Dave and John updates this evening.

Thanks,
Tammy

Do you know my hr rep's name?

Jennifer Burns

10/23/2000 04:09 PM

You are such a Shit Head!!!!!

pretty much all traders

Brian Hoskins@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
10/23/2000 10:51 AM
John,

Here is the current list of traders we have for the chat program.  Do you 
want to include all traders or just desk heads and selected others?  

Brian

you just might never get it back

Maxwell.  I left it at your apartment, so you still have it.

---- John.Arnold@enron.com wrote:
>
> hey:
> what was the first cd we listened to on Wednesday at my place?
> john
>
>

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

Jennifer Burns

10/23/2000 07:40 AM

That's weird......because Jeff and I were talking about Bill on Friday, I 
didn't get the picture that Jeff thought he was that great. And Bill hasn't 
been up here at all??????  I won't say anything.....

John Arnold
10/23/2000 07:30 AM
No, i thought you would have known.  don't tell shank i told you.

Jennifer Burns

10/22/2000 07:24 PM

WHAT?????????  You are shitting me!!!!!!

John Arnold
10/22/2000 06:26 PM
i heard he's interviewing to be Shankman's right hand man

Jennifer Burns

10/20/2000 02:12 PM

I saw Bill Perkins today, he was on 33.  I heard someone call my name and I 
was like hey Bill.  Weird huh?

No, i thought you would have known.  don't tell shank i told you.

Jennifer Burns

10/22/2000 07:24 PM

WHAT?????????  You are shitting me!!!!!!

John Arnold
10/22/2000 06:26 PM
i heard he's interviewing to be Shankman's right hand man

Jennifer Burns

10/20/2000 02:12 PM

I saw Bill Perkins today, he was on 33.  I heard someone call my name and I 
was like hey Bill.  Weird huh?

hey:
what was the first cd we listened to on Wednesday at my place?
john

still have not received credit for funds wired 11/16.  Please advise.

World Sports Exchange <wsx@wsex.com> on 10/19/2000 06:15:50 AM
Please respond to wsx@wsx.wsex.com
Hi,

If you sent a bank wire on Monday then it should take about 2-3 days to
be credited to your account, but sometimes it takes one or two days
longer.  So, if you don't see it today, please give us a call at 888 304
2206 and ask for either Maria or Juliette in the accounts department and
they will assist you.

Thanks,

WSEX

jarnold@ect.enron.com wrote:

> Hello:
> I have not yet received credit for a $1500 wired on Monday for account
> "Lavorato"

absolutely agree.  the thought is always, even if cash is piece of shit 
today...wait until the future.  here's my question: what is the environment 
whereby f/g is worth $.50.   is there a market scenario where this happens?

slafontaine@globalp.com on 12/12/2000 03:22:07 PM
if you havent read this yet youl think im brilliant-too bad i didnt short
jan/feb or apr/may!

Steve LaFontaine
12/12/2000 07:49 AM

other question and reason i dont do anything with jan/feb is whats gona make 
the
mkt bearish the feb? perception is stx get titire so inverses grow.. only 
thing
i can think of is will they get concerned over this industrial slowdown going
forward and weather going above-i struggle generally tho is weather was still 
so
warm last year hard to get overly bearish rest of the winter from a y on y
standpoint

Steve LaFontaine
12/11/2000 09:18 PM

wish i had a stronger view-my view combined with year end give me just strong
enuf bias not to do anything. its nuts-but you pted out something a while back
is this indistries abilty to keep a contango-we dont have that but they
certainly doing their best. for cash to be at huge premiums and cold weather 
up
front like we have nt had in years, 15 dollar ny, 50 socal, 10 buck hub-shit
whats it take, not like theres huge spec lenght left.
    i guess to the extent mkt is sooo concerned about running out in 
march-they
gonna keep a huge premium in whats left of the winter strip vs summer, and 
they
shud. cash loan deals have to keep hedged lenght in mar there fore makes em
strong so long as they stay way below ratchets. other thing worries me about 
jan
is cash tite but will steadily get some relief from switching, proocessing
margins negtive , dist, resid, nukes coming up, then on day we come in and 
they
say weather going above normal 1 st 10 days of jan... BAM guess they wack it.

and yes apr/may i think is nuts, mar/apr i dont in part cuz apr whud be a 
dog. i
cant figure out how and when best way to short it/hedge my bet

  dont know-im leaving it alone, the cash makes it a jan/feb a compelling but
too many ifs, yes and dec/jan expirey, wud have thot cash wud recverse the
psychology. but not. im pretty lost john and the risks are bigger than i care 
to
take till january-spending next cuplpa weeks formulating some long term
strategies in both natgas and oil. and try not to gain anymore weight before 
the
new year.

i heard he's interviewing to be Shankman's right hand man

Jennifer Burns

10/20/2000 02:12 PM

I saw Bill Perkins today, he was on 33.  I heard someone call my name and I 
was like hey Bill.  Weird huh?

Andy:
I tried to open EOL at 4 on Sunday, but we had systems problems that delayed 
the opening until 6:05.  This is the third time in four or five sessions when 
EOL had problems on Sunday.  Anything you can do to improve reliability would 
be appreciated.
John

Adam:
Hope your interview goes well.  Things are going crazy in the gas market so, 
unfotunately, I'm stuck at my desk and can't go up for interviews.  

As far as the interview goes, my advise would be the same as any interview.  
Be confident.  Answer the question asked.  Don't be afraid to say you don't 
know but don't make excuses.  Express interest in why you find Enron 
appealing compared to the other 100 companies interviewing.  

The trading training program is still in the works.  Few people outside the 
trading area are even aware of its existence at this point so I wouldn't ask 
any questions about it in the interviews.  If you receive an offer, it would 
probably be for a normal analyst position with the opportunity to enter the 
training program when you arrive.  Not sure about that last statement 
though.   The training program is geared towards our two most mature and pure 
trading business areas: gas and power.  There are still a large number of 
other trading spots in our developing commodities side that would not fall 
under the program.   That's a function of the program being developed by the 
head of these two businesses.  Not ready to take it corporate-wide yet.

Write me about how your interviews went.
Good luck:
John

Hi John,

How are you today?  You must be pleased with Enron's most recent numbers.
Could you tell me a little more about the trading training program?  You
mentioned you wanted to expand it to two years, but what does the extra year
entail?  I have been selected for an interview next Monday, and I look
forward to seeing you again.  Do you have any tips on approaching the
interview process?  I have poured over the company website, and if you have
any tips I would love to hear them.

Thanks for your time, and I hope to see you Monday.

Cordially,

Adam Bayer

	
	

Below are the instructions and cover sheet for your expense reports and the 
form that you need to use for your expenses.  Please be sure to follow all of 
the instuctions or your report will be sent back to you and your payment 
delayed.

You do not need to code anything!  Everything is coded down here so you do 
not have to know any numbers except your social security number and your 
phone number.  Also, tape your receipts to a blank sheet of paper on ALL 4 
SIDES.  If you have any questions you can call me at 3-0322.

FYI - Milage is reimbursed at .325 cents to the mile.
Thank you!!

Hello:
I received this by mistake.

Rick Curry <rgcurry@mihc.com.mx> on 10/21/2000 05:45:42 PM
> MIHC is a consulting firm with offices in Mexico City and
> Los Angeles. We specialize in assisting foreign national
> corporations with regard to their real estate interest in
> Mexico.
>
> Currently our M,xico City office is representing a client
  regarding the disposition of their surplus corporate assets in
country.
>
> They have three properties which may be might be of
> interest.
>
> 1. Light to Heavy Industrial building in Tula, Hidalgo (a
> well-populated industrial valley roughly 50 miles north of
> Mexico City). Deluxe all brick and concrete building is
> approximately 98,500 square feet with clear span ceiling
> height in excess of 30 ft. The site includes adjacent land,
> which would allow more than doubling the size of facility.
> Located in front of the PEMEX Hidalgo refinery /
> petrochemical plant and a Thermoelectric power generating
> station. Factory is equipment ready and could be in full
> production quickly.
>
> 2. Housing complex built for the Tula factory supervisory
> personnel consists of 32 three-bedroom garden style
> townhouse apartments and an independent eight bedroom
> extended stay dormitory for engineers. In a separately
> enclosed compound is a 3,800 square foot deluxe residence
> with 4-car garage designed for the plant manager or visiting
> officials. The property contains appropriate recreational
> and sports areas for families. It is entirely gated and
> fully secured.
>
> 3. Development site City of Puebla. This highly visible 8.7
> acres of flat land fronts the Puebla-Mexico City
> superhighway at a formal exit. It is at the entrance corner
> to an industrial area of other trans-national manufactures.
> Site is located approximately 5.5 miles north of the
> Volkswagen assembly plant.
>
> Prefer selling items 1 & 2 as a package, but will entertain
> separate offers. Would also consider long term lease with a
> creditworthy corporate tenant.
>
> With respect to item 3, a build to suit, again a
> long-term lease with a credit worthy corporate tenant is
> possible.
>
> All properties are surplus assets and therefore very
> aggressively priced. Factory and housing offered at
> substantially below replacement cost.
>
> For more information on these items and other services we
> provide in Mexico please visit our web site.
>
>                 http://www.MIHC.com.mx
>
> In the US:
>
> Rick Curry
> General Counsel
> MIHC - Los Angeles
> PH 213-308-0300
> email to: RGCurry@MIHC.com.mx
>
> In Mexico:
>
> Ari Feldman, CCIM, SIOR, CIPS
> Director General
> MIHC - Mexico City
> Phone from the US (011) (52) 5286-3458
> email to: AFeldman@MIHC.com.mx

6 months severence minus any errors

Jennifer Shipos
10/20/2000 03:22 PM
How about 6 months severance?  Do you think you can work that out for me?

if only i didn't have a position today I'd be ok

think you're pretty clever, don't you?

http://www.fortune.com/fortune/fastest/stories/0,7127,CS|52390-2,00.html

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

	
	

Open Presentation
Monday, October 2nd - 6:00 PM
Alumni Hall, room 203

Please meet in the lobby of the hotel at 5:15 PM or at the room by 5:30 PM so 
we can set up and finalize the game plan.
After the presentation we are going to have a dinner for targeted candidates 
and also a reception for the people who came to the presentation.  You will 
be informed about where you need to participate on Monday; for now just keep 
the time open.

Hotel rooms: Lowe's Vanderbilt Plaza Hotel - 615-320-1700
Nicole Alvino - #6953024
Brian Steinbrueck - #7964648
Katie Stowers - #9216151
Beth Miertschin - #415172
Rusty Kelley - #414434

Thank you for helping out!  Please let me know if you need anything else or 
have questions.
Beth Miertschin

rajib:
The following are my bids for the asian option:
GQ 1 : .41
GQ 2 : .63
GQ 3 : .57

34

michael.byrne@americas.bnpparibas.com on 10/18/2000 08:21:15 AM
Good Morning,

Just a reminder to get your AGA estimates in by Noon EST (11:00 CST) TODAY.

Last Year      +42
Last Week      +62

Thanks,
Michael Byrne
BNP PARIBAS Commodity Futures

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis 
a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous 
recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir 
immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute 
diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf 
autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS 
(et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, 
dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
 
Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, 
either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS 
(and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message 
if modified.

can you find out if the tech group has scheduled installation of a dsl line 
in my apartment?

maine impossible to get to ..    next idea?

don't make me type the math on the computer pooks

What's your defense for you bid 0 for the company?  Why was the info
assymetry at 100%???
have you taken any finance courses yet? what's good?

Outlook Migration Team@ENRON
04/17/2001 12:52 PM
Current Notes User:=20

To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook,=
 it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date o=
f migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the followin=
g survey.  When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Se=
nd'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration M=
ailbox.

Thank you.

Outlook 2000 Migration Team

Full Name:       =20

Login ID: =20

Extension: =20

Office Location: =20

What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both) =20

Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilo=
t, Jornada) =20

Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar? =20
    If yes, who? =20

Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar? =20
    If yes, who? =20

Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book? =20
    If yes, who? =20

Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book? =20
    If yes, who? =20

Do you have access to a shared calendar? =20
    If yes, which shared calendar? =20

Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for m=
ass mailings)? =20
    If yes, please list here: =20

Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: =20

In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will =
need to know:

Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
       If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):     =20

jeanie:
i really need the docs on both phantom stock and options.   
please
please
please

john

http://messages.yahoo.com/bbs?.mm=FN&action=m&board=7081781&tid=ene&sid=7081781&mid=11711

7:2 at 2:1

new odds

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

i'll take 10:1 this morning

thats pleasant

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

eat my shorts

3:1 and your on
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1.    I'll take 4:1.    that's all the juice i'll pay.

Most import  - the wager - I will take the over on May NG (4.95). 2:1 is okay--- $5 per penny okay? 

Agree - Products
Rally is not different for products. 92% of heating oil is made ondemand  (storage is not as important as in nat gas) Heat will get ugly this October and then give it up (unless we have 7 blizzzards in the Northeast very early). 
SOme things to consider :
1- in the next 3-4 weeks we will finish the very heavy maintenance season and be in full blown gasoline season.
- yields will be preferentially shifted for HU
3- nobody will pay any attention to HO
2-HO will have incremental demand due to utlity switching and will quietly build slower than last year 
4- therefore by September everyone will freak out
5- After the OCtober contract expires (HO) , everyone will realize (similar to NG) that the world will not end.

Where does this get us:
1- Sell q3 HU crack and by Q4HO crack (By the time q3 prices out--the wind will have been taken out of HU sails - plus you can do it month avg--therefore less noise)
2-Benefit from heat's recent excitement -- sell HO calls (June -Aug), buy ng puts nov-jan

Ng-Disagree:
I think prices stay high through June. The big drop off come some where in July 15 to Aug 15 and downhill from there. (Looks like 1998)

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not convinced this rally in products is different.  

where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

That's what I'm talking ABOUT !!!!

 
You've read the Innovator's Dilemma.   Now learn the  latest.   

Clay  Christensen 
 How can I know in advance if something is a high-potential  disruptive market opportunity?
 
3:30pm, Wednesday, April 18th
Spangler  Auditorium

Come  watch Clay Christensenshare his most recent thoughts  on disruption,  innovation and business.

Part of the HBS Student Association's Thought Leadership Speaker Series
Be sure not  to miss:

Michael  Porter:  Strategy: New  Learnings: 3:30pm,  Tuesday, April 17th Spangler Auditorium
Tom Eisenmann: Get Big Fast? Promise and Peril on the  Path to the Evernet
3:00pm, Thursday, April 19th Aldrich  110
Rosabeth Moss Kanter: Evolve!:  Succeeding in the Digital Culture of Tomorrow
4:30pm, Thursday,  April 19th Aldrich 109

mike:
just want to confirm you received my money and forms.
also, checking to see if i am set up to sell naked calls on ENE.  may be looking to do something this week.  probably 100-200 contracts.  
john

the 14 mm loss was due to a booking mistake that could not be corrected before the books were posted and is being corrected tonight

Chris Abel
04/16/2001 01:08 PM
Mike, can you please provide an explanation for the $71mm loss on the 11th and the $31mm loss on the 12th, for reporting purposes?

John, can you please provide an explanation for the $14mm loss on the 12th, for reporting purposes?

Thanks,

Chris Abel
Manager, Risk Controls and Consolidated Risk Reporting

fuck you

<mn49@msn.com> on 04/16/2001 11:09:55 AM
Please respond to francielou3224@comic.com
  Got debt? We can help using Debt Consolidation!

If you owe $10,000 USD or more, consolidate your debt
into just 1 payment and let us handle the rest!
Wouldn't it be nice to have to worry about just 1
fee instead of half a dozen? We think so too.

- You do not have to own a home
- You do not need another loan
- No credit checks required
- Approval within 3 business days
- Available to all US citizens

For a FREE, no obligation, consultation, please fill
out the form below and return it to us. Paying bills
should not be a chore, and your life should be as easy
and simple as possible. So take advantage of this
great offer!

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

(All fields are required)

Full Name           :
Address             :
City                :
State               :
Zip Code            :
Home Phone          :
Work Phone          :
Best Time to Call   :
E-Mail Address      :
Estimated Debt Size :

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Thank You

To receive no further offers from our company regarding
this matter or any other matter, please reply to this
e-mail with the word 'Remove' in the subject line.

i'll take 10:1 this morning

thats pleasant

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

eat my shorts

3:1 and your on
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1.    I'll take 4:1.    that's all the juice i'll pay.

Most import  - the wager - I will take the over on May NG (4.95). 2:1 is okay--- $5 per penny okay? 

Agree - Products
Rally is not different for products. 92% of heating oil is made ondemand  (storage is not as important as in nat gas) Heat will get ugly this October and then give it up (unless we have 7 blizzzards in the Northeast very early). 
SOme things to consider :
1- in the next 3-4 weeks we will finish the very heavy maintenance season and be in full blown gasoline season.
- yields will be preferentially shifted for HU
3- nobody will pay any attention to HO
2-HO will have incremental demand due to utlity switching and will quietly build slower than last year 
4- therefore by September everyone will freak out
5- After the OCtober contract expires (HO) , everyone will realize (similar to NG) that the world will not end.

Where does this get us:
1- Sell q3 HU crack and by Q4HO crack (By the time q3 prices out--the wind will have been taken out of HU sails - plus you can do it month avg--therefore less noise)
2-Benefit from heat's recent excitement -- sell HO calls (June -Aug), buy ng puts nov-jan

Ng-Disagree:
I think prices stay high through June. The big drop off come some where in July 15 to Aug 15 and downhill from there. (Looks like 1998)

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not convinced this rally in products is different.  

where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

schedule 30 min to sit down with me either mon or tues after 430.  if you want to get info, sending out an email survey is not the right way.  much easier to respond to a question in voice rather than typing it out.  

<cwomack@rice.edu> on 04/09/2001 04:17:59 PM
Hello Mr. Arnold,

Thank you for speaking with me today with Kenneth Parkhill.  Unfortunately,
none of my teammates are available to meet with you today.  Would you please
review our questionnaire and reply back to me with your comments about the
questionnaire and answers to any questions that apply to your work.

We will follow up with you later this week if we have questions.  Thank you
for your help.

Charles Womack
2002 Rice MBA Candidate
281-413-8147
cwomack@rice.edu

 - Questionnaire.doc 

										probability   *	payout	=
1 heads									.5		0	= 0
   tails		2 heads 							.25		1 	= .25
		    tails		3 heads					.125		2	= .25	
				   tails		4 heads			.0625		4	= .25	
						   tails		5 heads	.03125		8	= .25

which game is that?

Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 *
8+....
                   = 0        +.25       +.25      +.25      +.25      +...
                   = infinity

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

eat my shorts

3:1 and your on
Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the implied market on that from put spreads is 5.3:1.    I'll take 4:1.    that's all the juice i'll pay.

Most import  - the wager - I will take the over on May NG (4.95). 2:1 is okay--- $5 per penny okay? 

Agree - Products
Rally is not different for products. 92% of heating oil is made ondemand  (storage is not as important as in nat gas) Heat will get ugly this October and then give it up (unless we have 7 blizzzards in the Northeast very early). 
SOme things to consider :
1- in the next 3-4 weeks we will finish the very heavy maintenance season and be in full blown gasoline season.
- yields will be preferentially shifted for HU
3- nobody will pay any attention to HO
2-HO will have incremental demand due to utlity switching and will quietly build slower than last year 
4- therefore by September everyone will freak out
5- After the OCtober contract expires (HO) , everyone will realize (similar to NG) that the world will not end.

Where does this get us:
1- Sell q3 HU crack and by Q4HO crack (By the time q3 prices out--the wind will have been taken out of HU sails - plus you can do it month avg--therefore less noise)
2-Benefit from heat's recent excitement -- sell HO calls (June -Aug), buy ng puts nov-jan

Ng-Disagree:
I think prices stay high through June. The big drop off come some where in July 15 to Aug 15 and downhill from there. (Looks like 1998)

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

the only change that's happened to my long term outlook has been that the weather in the short term has been more bullish and we'll have 30 or so bcf less storage than i was anticpating in two weeks.  so yea, my curve is a touch higher, but it doesnt change my longer term view.  most of the move this week was a short sqeeze of spec shorts combined with a strong heat market.  a little concerned about heat, but also saw products very strong going into the season this past winter only to stage a huge failure.  not convinced this rally in products is different.  

where's your curve now?
MAy
June
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec Jan 02

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

fuck you

239b3989d@msn.com on 04/14/2001 05:42:02 AM
Please respond to leehouse211@asia.com
How would you like to take all of your debt, reduce
or eliminate the interest, pay less per month,and
pay them off sooner?

We have helped over 20,000 people do just that.

If you are interested, we invite you request our free
information by provide the following information.

 Full Name:
 Address:
 City:
 State:
 Zip Code:
 Home Phone:
 Work Phone:
 Best Time to Call:
 E-Mail Address:
 Estimated Debt Size:

 (All information is kept securely and never
  provided to any third party sources)

 This request is totally risk free.
 No obligation or costs are incurred.

 To unsubscribe please hit reply and send a message with
 remove in the subject.

fuck you

8aya1r@msn.com on 04/15/2001 07:41:06 AM
Please respond to korydegan4034@publicist.com
 Are you behind in bills?
 Late on a payment?

 Let us help you get out of debt NOW!

 If you are interested, we invite you to request free
 information at the end of this form.

 What we can do to help YOU!

 * Stop harrassment by creditors.
 * Reduce your principal balance up to 50%
 * Consolidate your debts into one low monthly payment
 * Improve your credit rating
 * Lower your monthly payments by 40% - 60%

 Things to keep in mind:

 * There is no need to own property
 * There is no need to own any equity
 * This is not a loan

 This is a program that has helped thousands just like YOU!

 If you are interested, we invite you to read our free
 information please provide the following information:

 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
 Full Name:
 Address:
 City:
 State:
 Zip Code:
 Home Phone:
 Work Phone:
 Best Time to Call:
 E-Mail Address:
 Estimated Debt Size:
 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 (All information is kept securely and never
  provided to any third party sources)

 To unsubscribe please hit reply and send a message with
 remove in the subject.

This request is totally risk free.
No obligation or costs are incurred.

fuck you

y6qa@msn.com on 04/15/2001 07:41:11 AM
Please respond to annamaedicastro2195@witty.com
 Are you behind in bills?
 Late on a payment?

 Let us help you get out of debt NOW!

 If you are interested, we invite you to request free
 information at the end of this form.

 What we can do to help YOU!

 * Stop harrassment by creditors.
 * Reduce your principal balance up to 50%
 * Consolidate your debts into one low monthly payment
 * Improve your credit rating
 * Lower your monthly payments by 40% - 60%

 Things to keep in mind:

 * There is no need to own property
 * There is no need to own any equity
 * This is not a loan

 This is a program that has helped thousands just like YOU!

 If you are interested, we invite you to read our free
 information please provide the following information:

 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
 Full Name:
 Address:
 City:
 State:
 Zip Code:
 Home Phone:
 Work Phone:
 Best Time to Call:
 E-Mail Address:
 Estimated Debt Size:
 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 (All information is kept securely and never
  provided to any third party sources)

 To unsubscribe please hit reply and send a message with
 remove in the subject.

This request is totally risk free.
No obligation or costs are incurred.

puh lease
subject of the email is going to be the only piece that you're going to get
from me.

FYI
 - ng052001.doc 

I am available tomorrow after 3, preferably between 3-4.

John -- 

I don't think we've met, but I'm Vance Meyer, a media relations director for Enron.  Tomorrow, Jeff Skilling and some other key players are interviewing for a story on eCommerce with Vijay Vaitheeswaran, a reporter with the Economist.  Vijay this morning asked if you would be available as well.  I can send you more detail once I have your availability.  Understanding your limited time during trading hours, do you have a late afternoon availability?  If not, would you rather do it in the late morning?

If you can and will do the interview, please let me know.

Thanks

Vance Meyer
54459

that's fine

John -- could we do 4 p.m. even?  He'll be talking to Piper at 3-4, and that interview will probably end with a trading floor tour and we could pass the baton at that point.

Vance

felt much better after i puked 4 times this morning.    

you doing anything tonight?

too bad about pavel.  everybody liked him.. .who's next in line?

i think it's 100

fill in
$ ____2_ per/share

fill in
$ _____ per/share

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

what's my bid for what??
ps
don't no crap me.

no crap, what's your bid?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

break even on info ass-symetry is 100%, any project above that level is
profitable to Pooks&Co.

For extra credit....
If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more,
does your answer change?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

will you do all of my homework?

i'll pay a grand total of 0

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

 Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.

Acquiring a Company

     In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.

     The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.

     Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.

     As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?

     $______ per/share

i felt fine.  i ate a breakfast bar before i went.  normally dont do that.  wont be doing that again.

wanna do something tonight?  what time do you get out of here?

really?  did you feel bad last night? are you better now?  no plans - may need to run a couple of errands - nothing big.

felt much better after i puked 4 times this morning.    

you doing anything tonight?

yea, we'll get them for you

John or Dutch do you happen to have four extra tickets for the June 1-3 and or June 15-17 baseball game.  I am having family in town and I would love to take them to the new diamond.  I appreciate all your assistance. 
Thank You,
Sherry

when are you getting out?

we've got reservations in the chathambarsinn.com    

http://www.chathambarsinn.com/aboutframe.asp

maine impossible to get to ..    next idea?

cancel

Gentlemen:

Please respond to this email to cancel Trade ID: 152172202 with leg deals:
15849593423 and 15849593723 between Lewis Williams of AEP Energy Services,
Trade ID: 152172202
Product:  NG Fin, FP for LD1 Spr Henry Hub tailgate-Louisiana
Strip:  Apr02-Oct02/Nov02-Mar03
Quantity: 5,000 MMbtus daily
Price: (-).4300 USD/MMbtu
Effective Date:  Apr 1, 2002
Termination Date:  Mar 21, 2003
Total Quantity:  1,070,000 MMbtus

Deal: 15849593423
Product:  NG Fin FP for LD1 Spr Henry Hub tailgate-Louisiana
Strip:  Apr02-Oct02
Quantity:  5,000 MMbtus daily
Price: 4.1800 USD/MMBtu
Effective Date:  Apr 1, 2002
Termination Date:  Oct 31, 2002
Total Quantity: 1,070,000 MMbtus

Deal: 15849593723
Procduct:  Ng Fin, FP for LD1 Spr Henry Hub tailgate-Louisiana
Strip: Nov02-Mar03
Quantity:  5,000 MMbtus Daily
Price:  4.6100 USD/ MMbtus
Effective Date:  Nov 1, 2002
Termination Date: Mar 31, 2003
Total Quantity:  755,000 MMbtus

Chris Lowe
IntercontinentalExchange, LLC
2100 RiverEdge Pkwy, Fourth Floor
Atlanta, GA 30328
+1 770-738-2101 (Office)
+1 770-951-5481 (Fax)
icehelpdesk@intcx.com
www.intercontinentalexchange.com

poolie: what's the value of the company to you????

if you are buying a company for $6.6 MM with only a 25% probability of the
target accepting your offer.  what is the expected value?

	that's what it gets for being a cat

When I got home, my cat had been stuck in one of the bedrooms with no food or water, etc. since yesterday morning when the housekeepers shut the door with her inside.

The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  ? 2001 Carr Futures

The charts are now in the most recent version of Adobe Acrobat 4.0 and they
should print clearly from Adobe Acrobat Reader 3.0 or higher. Adobe Acrobat
Reader 4.0 may be downloaded for FREE from www.adobe.com.

(See attached file: options2.pdf)(See attached file: options.pdf)
 - options2.pdf 
 - options.pdf 

For what it's worth, I liked your answer to the California attorney general comment in the journal.  what a freak that guy is.

i snoozed from 5:00 to 6:20....it was great

Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 * 8+....
			    = 0      	+.25 	+.25	+.25	+.25 	+...
			    = infinity

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

how about 5:00?

Do you have time to discuss today?  

are you on msn messenger.  i think i'm set up with it.

hey johnny-my numbers. i think next week more like 105 ish but we'll see.
any thots on flat px here? i still say med term lower to the low 3.00
area/maybe lower.
  wud you please get on bloomberg or yahho inst messanger we can mkt chat
w/out a 3 day lag????? fyi-our end user buying has stepped outta the way now
on this lower px level. so less support from them.
 good seeing you the other nite-wud have liked to have gone out w/you guys
but early meeting sat
regards

>  -----Original Message-----

105

Good Morning,

Just a reminder to get your AGA estimates in by Noon EST (11:00 CST) TODAY.

Last Year      +55
Last Week      +119

Thank You,
George Ellis
BNP PARIBAS Commodity Futures, Inc.

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
	----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for the addressees and are confidential. If you receive this message in error, please delete it and immediately notify the sender.

Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS (and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message if modified.

i think i've got yahoo somewhere on my computer.  i'll try to find it.  expecting 110 today.  still think we're not at fundamental equilibrium but scared that, as much as i hate technicals, the wave 3 is over and we can do some serious chop here.  if we didnt have expiry in 4 days i'd be worried about a short covering rally.  however, i think the market is going to have a hard time placing the baseload gas this month.  the storage guys are all above their targets right now and expect them to back off relative to last month.

no yahoo and bloomberg professional. the entire oil industry on yahoo. ill
have a hell of a time getting on another syetm due firewall issues etc.you
know coprorate america as you pted out. im getting a few natgas guys and
brokers on yahoo as well. steve_lafontaine if you can get it loaded. get a
bloomberg terminal-can share news stories etc-excellant fundamental dat base
as well. worth the price and alot of managed money uses as well.

are you on msn messenger.  i think i'm set up with it.

    -----Original Message-----
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Lafontaine+2C+20Steve+22+20+3Csteve+2Elafontaine+40ban
kofamerica+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com]

   Sent:   Wednesday, May 23, 2001 8:45 AM
   hey johnny-my numbers. i think next week more like 105 ish but we'll
   see.
   any thots on flat px here? i still say med term lower to the low 3.00
   area/maybe lower.
     wud you please get on bloomberg or yahho inst messanger we can mkt
   chat
   w/out a 3 day lag????? fyi-our end user buying has stepped outta the way
   now
   on this lower px level. so less support from them.
    good seeing you the other nite-wud have liked to have gone out w/you
   guys
   but early meeting sat
   regards

   >  -----Original Message-----

=09
Topping Out In Houston Again
Time Magazine, 05/28/01

Enron to meet government for talks on power dispute
Associated Press Newswires, 05/22/01

Enron to meet government for talks on power dispute
Associated Press Newswires, 05/22/01

INDIA: WRAPUP 1-Indian state questions power deals, cites Enron.
Reuters English News Service, 05/22/01

Enron pulls out of venture drilling in Qatar's waters
Associated Press Newswires, 05/22/01

GERMANY: Enron says Lampertheim hub attracting interest.
Reuters English News Service, 05/22/01

        May 28, 2001  TIME Magazine Topping Out In Houston Again  BY CATHY =
BOOTH THOMAS/DALLAS  Send the architects south. Silicon Valley may be power=
less and profitless, but Houston, the nation's energy capital and home to t=
he oil-baron excesses of the 1980s, is back in "bidness." The energy giants=
 in Texas have big fat wallets these days--and even bigger construction pla=
ns. Not since the boom days of 1982, when trophy architects like Philip Joh=
nson and I.M. Pei reconfigured the skyline, has Houston seen so much constr=
uction activity by the energy sector.  Leading the parade, ironically, is E=
nron, an old energy behemoth that has reinvented itself as a high-tech trad=
ing firm dealing in everything from natural gas to Internet bandwidth. In f=
act, its new 40-story headquarters, designed by Cesar Pelli, will be fronte=
d by a seven-story "podium"--or shorter building--to house what Enron is ca=
lling the largest commodities-trading environment in the world.  This envir=
onment, spread over four floors, each the size of a city block, will become=
 home this August to 2,000 employees trading commodities that range from Ol=
d World (crude oil, petrochemicals, steel and lumber) to New World (emissio=
n credits and derivatives). Chairman Kenneth Lay and CEO Jeff Skilling are =
even moving from their skyboxes to work in seventh-floor offices so they ca=
n peer down into the pit.  When the bigger 40-story structure is finished i=
n December, Enron's will be the first new skyscraper in downtown Houston si=
nce 1987--to be followed by three more by 2003. Besides Enron, Calpine Corp=
., the nation's leading independent-power company, based in California, wil=
l move into a new 32-story high-rise. And Reliant Resources, the IPO spun o=
ff this month from its Houston parent to deal with Texas' new deregulated e=
lectricity market, has signed on for offices in a 36-story skyscraper.  Wha=
t's fueling the high-rise fever is simple: excess cash. Enron's first-quart=
er revenues were up 281%, while Calpine's revenues and net income were each=
 up more than 400%--even with California's deadbeat utility PG&E owing the =
company more than $300 million.  After a decade of contraction in the busin=
ess, with companies having shut offices from New Orleans to Oklahoma, dereg=
ulation and new marketing strategies are sparking Houston's renaissance. "E=
nron is a leading example of the new energy industry. Ten years ago, there =
were no trading floors," points out Stephen Brown, senior economist with th=
e Federal Reserve Bank in Dallas. Both Calpine and Reliant will also have t=
rading operations in their new offices.  Though Houston no longer relies so=
 heavily on the energy business (down to 48% of the local economy from 82% =
in 1982) the turnaround sure feels good after the city lost more than 15,00=
0 energy-sector jobs two years ago, says Barton Smith, director of the Inst=
itute for Regional Forecasting at the University of Houston. It has gained =
those jobs back, plus some. Says Smith: "The current boom is what's keeping=
 Houston afloat while the rest of the country is suffering."  None of this =
matters to real Houston lovers, of course. They're just interested in bragg=
ing rights. After a bad decade, they're beginning to sound like the biggest=
 and the best in Texas again. "Boomlet?" says Laura Schwartz, spokeswoman a=
t Enron. "It's more than a mini-boom. It's a boom."         =09

Enron to meet government for talks on power dispute
By RAMOLA TALWAR BADAM
Associated Press Writer

05/22/2001
Associated Press Newswires
Copyright 2001. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

BOMBAY, India (AP) - The Indian subsidiary of American power concern Enron =
Corp. said Tuesday it would meet government officials for talks on a power =
supply dispute.=20
"We look forward to hearing the proposed solutions ... particularly relatin=
g to creditworthy purchases for the power," said a statement from Dabhol Po=
wer Co., Enron's Indian unit.
The statement comes two days after the company issued a preliminary notice =
to the Maharashtra State Electricity Board, a state-run utility, that it wo=
uld stop supplying electricity if the government company continued to defau=
lt on payments.=20
Representatives from Houston-based Enron will meet Wednesday with officials=
 from the utility, the federal government and Maharashtra, the western Indi=
an state where the project is located.=20
The MSEB has denied it defaulted on paying electricity bills to the power c=
ompany that is setting up a $3 billion project in Maharashtra state. MSEB o=
fficials said overdue December and January bills of $48 million should be o=
ffset against a fine of $85.31 million it imposed on Enron for not supplyin=
g power during the period. Enron disputes the fine.=20
Politicians in Maharashtra say the cost of Dabhol power is too high and hav=
e called for renegotiating the tariff. Others have suggested selling power =
to nearby power-hungry states.=20
Politicians complain Dabhol's costs have averaged more than 4 rupees (11 ce=
nts) as against 1.8 rupees (four cents) per unit agreed in 1995 for the nap=
htha-generated electricity from the 740-megawatt plant.=20
The controversy erupted last year when prices shot up to 7 rupees (15 cents=
) per unit because of worldwide fluctuations of oil prices and depreciation=
 of the Indian rupee.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

Enron to meet government for talks on power dispute
By RAMOLA TALWAR BADAM
Associated Press Writer

05/22/2001
Associated Press Newswires
Copyright 2001. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

BOMBAY, India (AP) - The Indian subsidiary of American power giant Enron sa=
id Tuesday it would meet government officials for talks on a power supply d=
ispute.=20
"We look forward to hearing the proposed solutions ... particularly relatin=
g to creditworthy purchases for the power," said a statement from Dabhol Po=
wer Company, Enron's Indian unit.
The statement comes two days after the company issued a preliminary notice =
to the Maharashtra State Electricity Board, a state-run utility, that it wo=
uld stop supplying electricity if the government company continued to defau=
lt on payments.=20
Enron representatives will meet officials from the western Indian state of =
Maharashtra, where the project is located, and federal government and MSEB =
officials Wednesday.=20
The MSEB has denied it defaulted on paying electricity bills to the power c=
ompany that is setting up a dlrs 3 billion project in Maharashtra state. MS=
EB officials said overdue December and January bills of dlrs 48 million sho=
uld be offset against a fine of 4 billion rupees (dlrs 85.31 million) it im=
posed on Enron for not supplying power during the period. Enron disputes th=
e fine.=20
Politicians in Maharashtra say the cost of Dabhol power is too high and hav=
e called for renegotiating the tariff. Others have suggested selling power =
to nearby power-hungry states.=20
Politicians complain Dabhol's costs have averaged more than 4 rupees (11 ce=
nts) as against 1.8 rupees (four cents) per unit agreed in 1995 for the nap=
htha-generated electricity from the 740-megawatt plant.=20
The controversy erupted last year when prices shot up to 7 rupees (15 cents=
) per unit because of worldwide fluctuations of oil prices and depreciation=
 of the Indian rupee.=20
(rtb, nnm-js)

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

INDIA: WRAPUP 1-Indian state questions power deals, cites Enron.
By Sriram Ramakrishnan

05/22/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.

BOMBAY, May 22 (Reuters) - India's ambitious plans to throw open its cash-s=
trapped power sector to the private sector, already wracked by controversy =
involving Enron , received a further setback after Karnataka state said it =
would reopen sealed deals with 11 power firms.=20
The technology-friendly southern state of Karnataka said late on Monday tha=
t it was re-opening power deals with 11 private sector firms which together=
 were due to meet half the state's demand over the next 10 years.
"Enron is a lesson for all of us. Now, it (electricity) cannot be at any co=
st," V.P. Baligar, chairman and managing director, Karnataka State Power Tr=
ansmission Corp (KPTCL), the state's monopoly power distributor, told Reute=
rs in an interview late on Monday.=20
The 11 power projects are based on the Enron model and involve a total of 2=
,000 megawatts (MW). None of the 11 projects have started generation.=20
Analysts fear that Karnataka's move, coming amidst the raging controversy o=
ver Enron's giant power project, will scare away badly needed private inves=
tment from the country's inefficient power sector.=20
India needs to add 100,000 MW of power over the next 10-15 years to meet gr=
owing demand and is hoping to get this through investment from private and =
foreign companies.=20
But investment has been hampered by a slow-moving bureaucracy, legal hassle=
s and loss-making utilities who are frequently unable to pay for the power =
purchased.=20
ENRON IMBROGLIO=20
Last week, Enron's Dabhol Power Company moved to break a contract to sell p=
ower to Maharashtra state, peeved over payment defaults by the state utilit=
y Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB). This is widely seen as leadin=
g to a pull out.=20
MSEB and Dabhol have been at loggerheads for over six months over payments =
due to DPC by the state utility. The project has been marred by controversy=
 since its inception in 1991, with critics charging that it was charging to=
o much for the power it produced.=20
MSEB, which DPC says owes it $48 million, is planning to retaliate by slapp=
ing a penalty of 4.0 billion rupees ($85.2 million) on DPC for failing to r=
amp up capacity.=20
"We will issue the penalty as soon as the bill for May is received," the of=
ficial, who did not want to be quoted, told Reuters on Tuesday.=20
MSEB had imposed a similar penalty on DPC - which DPC has not paid - saying=
 its plant could not be ramped upto full capacity within three hours from a=
 cold start. DPC officials refused to comment on the issue.=20
The Enron project was first billed as a showcase of India's decade-old refo=
rm programme but now is regarded by critics as a symbol of policy bungling.=
=20
The project involves the setting up of a 2,184 MW power project costing $2.=
9 billion in two phases. The first, of 740 MW, is up and running while the =
second, of 1,444 MW, is due to be commissioned next month.=20
( $1 =3D 46.9 rupees).

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

Enron pulls out of venture drilling in Qatar's waters

05/22/2001
Associated Press Newswires
Copyright 2001. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

HOUSTON (AP) - Executives of Enron Corp. say they are withdrawing from a la=
rge natural gas project off Qatar, partly because the venture doesn't fit w=
ith the energy company's focus.=20
Plans for the Dolphin project called for Houston-based Enron to work with E=
lf, a subsidiary of France's Total Fina, and the United Arab Emirates Offse=
ts Group to develop and pipe natural gas from a block of the Qatar North Fi=
eld.
But the company pulled out, believing there are better places to invest its=
 money, said Alex Parsons, a company spokesman in London.=20
He said the project doesn't fit with Enron's current focus of emphasizing b=
usinesses such as marketing and trading in wholesale markets such as those =
for natural gas and electricity and broadband.=20
Those involved with the project said last year it could end up requiring in=
vestments of up to dlrs 10 billion over six or seven years.=20
Enron said Monday it was transferring its 24.5 percent stake in the project=
 to the United Arab Emirates Offsets Group, which said in a news release it=
 had started negotiating with other international players to become stakeho=
lders.=20
With the transfer, United Arab Emirates Offsets Group will own 75.5 percent=
 of Dolphin. Terms of the deal weren't released.=20
Enron said it would consider future ventures with the United Arab Emirates =
Offsets Group that were "in line with our core business activities."=20
M. Carol Coale, an energy analyst with Prudential Securities in Houston, sa=
id Enron's move is consistent with its exit strategy from international ass=
ets that generate low returns.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

GERMANY: Enron says Lampertheim hub attracting interest.

05/22/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.

DUESSELDORF, May 22 (Reuters) - U.S. trader Enron said on tuesday there was=
 growing support for the south west German Lampterheim gas hub it had been =
actively promoting since early April.=20
"Liquidity is growing slowly, it is not (Belgian hub) Zeebrugge, but custom=
ers are posting orders and are coming forward with surplus amounts," sales =
chief Helge-Juergen Beil of the company's German division in Frankfurt told=
 Reuters during a Euroforum industry conference.
"Our main strength is that we both sell and buy for various periods."=20
Beil said a number of deals had been done, but would not quantify them.=20
Enron on its trading platform enrononline.com currently quotes Lampertheim =
gas sales and purchases in parcels of 20 megawatt hours in euros for the sp=
ot market and the year ahead.=20
The town, near Heidelberg on the border of the Hesse and Baden-Wuerttemberg=
 states, complements border hubs such as Bunde-Oude, Aachen, Baumgarten, Wa=
idhaus and Oberkappel.=20
Beil also said Enron was supplying eight local and regional utilities and i=
ndustrial gas customers in central and southern Germany with a total four t=
erawatt hours of annual demand.=20
Enron's share of total requirements in each case varied between 20 and 94 p=
ercent of their annual purchases.=20
He said non-discriminatory access to the German pipeline grid had not been =
achieved by newcomers to the market.=20
In order to help create fair rules for access and their montoring, Enron, l=
ike other newcomers, was demanding a state-installed arbiter to supervise t=
he liberalisation process.=20
Other speakers at the conference said the success of newcomers was still ha=
mpered by the long distribution chain and an enforced need for hourly, rath=
er than longer term, balancing, which could cause exorbitant penalties paya=
ble to incumbents.=20
But some gas grid owners had turned out to be co-operative, customers were =
queueing up, and there were prospects that existing surplus gas volumes fro=
m international take-or-pay contracts could be freed up and eventually trad=
ed.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

seeing very little buying from end users.  some longer term selling from producers.  have had one guy who sold about 300 month cal 2,3,4.  just gets soaked up in the market though.  some buying is from more generation guys.  duke bot 10,000+ lots of cal 7-13 last week.  also think some guys buying cal 3 so they can sell more in the front.  el paso sold delta equivalent of probably 12-15 a day yesterday.  got soaked right up.  mar/apr way overvalued but so hard to bring in.   just a function of cal 2.  cal 2 been weak as seen a lot of m/m q/q v/v spreads recently, guys trying to buy the front.  hard to believe m/m is flat.  just goes to show how overpriced cal 2 is in my mind...

totlly agree on expiration-reason why im not bullsprd the june july . i
covered a little flat px on june est erday but satying short oct delta. sold
some mar/apr as well thinking the curve rolls down. this distillate mkt
getting way too hyped i think as well. ive been long but going a little
short now shudnt be relevant to the natgas fundamentals until 1st q(bullish
then natgas but too late think we'll be full) .
   we not seeing much on the customer side. you? end users getting scared
and longer than normal/stoped buying.hearing all the pipelines still
packed.just wondering if/when the winter strip gets hit-will make mar/apr
come into line.also buying jan/feb vs mar/apr decent condor i think

i think i've got yahoo somewhere on my computer.  i'll try to find it.
expecting 110 today.  still think we're not at fundamental equilibrium but
scared that, as much as i hate technicals, the wave 3 is over and we can do
some serious chop here.  if we didnt have expiry in 4 days i'd be worried
about a short covering rally.  however, i think the market is going to have
a hard time placing the baseload gas this month.  the storage guys are all
above their targets right now and expect them to back off relative to last
month.

    -----Original Message-----
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Lafontaine+2C+20Steve+22+20+3Csteve+2Elafontaine+40ban
kofamerica+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com]

   Sent:   Wednesday, May 23, 2001 10:30 AM
   no yahoo and bloomberg professional. the entire oil industry on yahoo.
   ill
   have a hell of a time getting on another syetm due firewall issues
   etc.you
   know coprorate america as you pted out. im getting a few natgas guys and
   brokers on yahoo as well. steve_lafontaine if you can get it loaded. get
   a
   bloomberg terminal-can share news stories etc-excellant fundamental dat
   base
   as well. worth the price and alot of managed money uses as well.

   -----Original Message-----
   are you on msn messenger.  i think i'm set up with it.

       -----Original Message-----
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Lafontaine+2C+20Steve+22+20+3Csteve+2Elafontaine+40ban
   kofamerica+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com]

      Sent:   Wednesday, May 23, 2001 8:45 AM
      hey johnny-my numbers. i think next week more like 105 ish but we'll
      see.
      any thots on flat px here? i still say med term lower to the low 3.00
      area/maybe lower.
        wud you please get on bloomberg or yahho inst messanger we can mkt
      chat
      w/out a 3 day lag????? fyi-our end user buying has stepped outta the
   way
      now
      on this lower px level. so less support from them.
       good seeing you the other nite-wud have liked to have gone out w/you
      guys
      but early meeting sat
      regards

      >  -----Original Message-----

sure

John,

Would you be willing to interview with Kathy for Enron's ENSDE magazine?  She has been wanting you to interview with her since the end of last year.  Let me know.

-Ina

Hi Ina!

Are you still working with John Arnold?  If so, I wondered if his schedule had calmed down enough that he would agree to be interviewed for the next ENSIDE. I just need about 30 minutes.

Please ask him and let me know!

Thanks,
Kathie Grabstald
ENA Public Relations
x 3-9610

Can you get her tickets to one of the games

Thanks for all you help and I really appreciate it.  

yea, we'll get them for you

John or Dutch do you happen to have four extra tickets for the June 1-3 and or June 15-17 baseball game.  I am having family in town and I would love to take them to the new diamond.  I appreciate all your assistance. 
Thank You,
Sherry

So, this email is floating around the Jan cohort....it's pretty unbelievable

read story below. ??????????

you need to read this in its entirety ... apparently it's 100% true ...
someone's going to be out of a job soon.

This is hilarious....

Brijesh (B.J.) Jeevarathnam
MBA Class of 2002
Harvard Business School
Phone: (617) 493-8008

Sent: Thursday, May 17, 2001 5:13 PM
This is comedy.  Sounds like Jake in two years.

As you may know, the only person more arrogant than an investment banker is
someone in private equity.  Investment bankers pride themselves on making
vast amounts of money, but a successful private equity professional takes
devilish pride and supports an even bigger ego for working fewer hours while
making even more money than his (rarely her) investment banking brethren.
Unfortunately, some members of the private equity community mistakenly
believe that their growing wealth is the result of their own talent and
charming personality rather than a simple profiting from the hoarding of
capital, as Karl Marx so astutely described.

Consider the plight of Peter Chung (see attached email), a recent hire at
the Carlyle Group.  After completing his two-year stint as an Analyst at
Merrill Lynch, Chung was persuaded to seek out new opportunities in Korea
working as part of Carlyle's vast Asian investment team.  Working at a
private equity firm allows Chung to check out Korean night clubs (which
would be legally classified as brothels in the United States) 3-4 times a
week, though Chung made it clear that he needs only two months to "learn a
little bit of the buyside business" so he can begin nightly visits.  Already
a self-described "stud" on the New York City dating scene, Chung looked to
the emerging island of Korea where the standard of living for young foreign
men is bolstered by the low per capita income of native residents (roughly
$12,600 per person).  By making in excess of ten times the average national
wage, Chung quickly found himself to be quite the ladies man as the locals
were attracted to his fat wallet and U.S. citizenship.  Thus bolstered by an
initial rendezvous or two, Chung decided to cement his legacy by setting out
on the quixotic mission to sleep with all of the fine women of Korea.

As of May 15, 2001, Chung alludes to having had sexual relations with five
"hot chicks."  According to Chung's own calculations, there are roughly one
billion "hot chicks" remaining in Korea.  Clearly there is a break in
Chung's sexual predator model as he apparently believes that not only is the
global female population of 3 billion comprised of 1/3 hot Korean chicks,
but he will be able to sleep with that many before his finest member falls
off or he dies of exhaustion.  Sadly, Chung cannot complete his mission
alone.  The quality of prophylactics in Korea are not quite up to U.S.
standards (Chung would probably claim Korean condoms are too small) and he
needs your help to continue his quest for infamy.  If you would like to
contribute to this valiant mission, please direct your gift of a
FDA-approved "domes" to the address below:

Peter Chung
The Carlyle Group
Suite 1009, CCMM Bldg.
12, Yoido-dong, Youngdeungpo-ku
Seoul 150-010, Korea

Chung asks that you consider using FedEx or another international overnight
courier since he may be on the verge of running out of protection.
Alternatively, if you would like to pursue a job working for The Carlyle
Group in Korea, write to the following address:

The Honorable James A. Baker
1001 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Suite 220 South
Washington, DC 20004-2505

Please note that Mr. Baker, the lead spokesperson for The Carlyle Group, a
the former Secretary of State from the George Herbert Walker Bush
Administration.  Since leaving the White House, Jim Baker has continued his
international mission to spread goodwill and STDs throughout the world by
supporting young Romeos such as Mr. Chung.

For a first-hand account of life in private equity, please read Peter
Chung's travelogue (attached).  Please keep in mind that Chung's experience
is partially a function of his prior status as a "stud" and may not be
reflective of private equity experiences in general.  Not all of us can hope
to be as smart, debonair and modest as Mr. Chung.

Regards,

Justin

So I've been in Korea for about a week and a half now and what can I say,
LIFE IS GOOD....

I've got a spanking brand new 2000 sq. foot 3 bedroom apt. with a 200 sq.
foot terrace running the entire length of my apartment with a view
overlooking Korea's main river and nightline......Why do I need 3 bedrooms?
Good question,.... the main bedroom is for my queen size bed,...where CHUNG
is going to fuck every hot chick in Korea over the next 2 years (5 down,
1,000,000,000 left to go).... the second bedroom is for my harem of
chickies, and the third bedroom is for all of you fuckers when you come out
to visit my ass in Korea.  I go out to Korea's finest clubs, bars and
lounges pretty much every other night on the weekdays and everyday on the
weekends to (I think in about 2 months, after I learn a little bit of the
buyside business I'll probably go out every night on the weekdays).  I know
I was a stud in NYC but I pretty much get about, on average, 5-8 phone
numbers a night and at least 3 hot chicks that say that they want to go
home with me every night I go out.  I love the buyside,.... I have bankers
calling me everyday with opportunties and they pretty much cater to my
every whim - you know (golfing events, lavish dinners, a night out
clubbing). The guys I work with are also all chilll - I live in the same
apt building as my VP and he drives me around in his Porsche (1 of 3 in all
of Korea) to work and when we go out.  What can I say,.... live is good,...
CHUNG is KING of his domain here in Seoul.....

So,.... all of you fuckers better keep in touch and start making plans to
come out and visit my ass ASAP, I'll show you guys an unbelievable
time....My contact info is below....
Oh, by the way,... someone's gotta start fedexing me boxes of domes,...I
brought out about 40 but I think I'll run out of them by Saturday.....

Laters,
CHUNG

Peter Chung
The Carlyle Group
Suite 1009, CCMM Bldg.
12, Yoido-dong, Youngdeungpo-ku
Seoul 150-010, Korea
Tel:       (822) 2004-8412
Fax:       (822) 2004-8440
email:    pchung@thecarlylegroup.co.kr

Mobile:  8216-478-5175

i think its a jv with the trading side mostly staffed by goldman folks

so, its a goldman co, but it also controls Duquesne and BGE?

yes

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

is constellation energy a goldman company?

me thinks you missed a 9

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

1.99999999999999999999999999999999999

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

>  -----Original Message-----
 - winmail.dat 

During a telephone conversation with Margaret Brooks, on May 15th, you
agreed to change the terms of deal #1246131  buying 10,000/day Gas Daily
HHub @$4.49 and replace it with a buy of 10,000/day NYMEX Swap @$4.495. We
still have not received a confirmation with the corrected terms.
Would you correct the price in your system or inform your contract
administrator of the correction.
If you have any questions please feel free to contact me or Margaret brooks
at 405-553-6471.

Daniela Gencheva
Energy Trading Analyst II
OGE Energy Resources
TEL: 405-553-6486
FAX: 405-553-6498

me thinks you both are a little imbalanced

mexico is now back on.  I think Melissa has some sort of imbalance!

	of course.  info here goes nowhere. we've had trouble discerning where the switching takes place because the economics get very blurry: credits, ldc costs, transport, taxes, restrictions on # hours plants can burn resis are hard to account for and are different for everybody.   also some noneconomic factors... convenience, inertia, multi-month fuel purchases, hedges, accounting procedures, resid in storage already...  It's a big blur in my mind.  I look at general levels and for anecdotal evidence.  have seen zero anecdotal evidence so far.  will also watch aga's for the indication,  but so will everybody else.  

who loves ya kid-uncle steve...enjoy the weekend. appreciate if you dont
distribute this my man. just for you. okay?

> Steve,
>
> Aclient of ours from Ontario who is in Union gas said they saw for the
> first time this week a client switching back to nat gas. 1st time in a
> long time
[LaFontaine, Steve]

> witching
>
> i noticed that 1% residual fuel in various parts of the US part the big
> cities in the upper midwest such as chicago and detroit has come to near
> paritiy with natgas on a wholesale level. now there are things like ldc
> costs and sulfur credits that will make additional differences in these
> parities.
>    to marketing: could we please check with a few of our industrial or
> utility customers to see if our customers are switching back to natgas?
> this would be a material difference in the supply and demand of both fuel
> and natgas and therefore perhaps our trading views(and my aga
> forecasts).apprecitate the feedback.thanks

Thank you for choosing to receive promotional messages from National Car Rental.  You have given us the email address john.arnold@enron.com as the place you want your marketing messages sent. Is this correct?  If you've subscribed in error, please reply to the email and put "Unsubscribe" in the subject line.

Again, we thank you for signing up and look forward to providing you with Great car rental deals!

Webmaster

putting on your shirt to go to the bathroom in the dark???????????
why me? 

me thinks you both are a little imbalanced

mexico is now back on.  I think Melissa has some sort of imbalance!

what's tomorrow?

what's the deal for tomorrow?

I'll get it changed

During a telephone conversation with Margaret Brooks, on May 15th, you
agreed to change the terms of deal #1246131  buying 10,000/day Gas Daily
HHub @$4.49 and replace it with a buy of 10,000/day NYMEX Swap @$4.495. We
still have not received a confirmation with the corrected terms.
Would you correct the price in your system or inform your contract
administrator of the correction.
If you have any questions please feel free to contact me or Margaret brooks
at 405-553-6471.

Daniela Gencheva
Energy Trading Analyst II
OGE Energy Resources
TEL: 405-553-6486
FAX: 405-553-6498

what's the deal for tomorrow?
[Mark Hall]    

Thank you JOHN ARNOLD. Your reservation number is 405890085.
Your level of service is Counter.  Please proceed to the rental counter.

If you need to make adjustments to this reservation,
please use your reservation number as a reference.

Rental Information

    Rental Location:     BOSTON INTL ARPT
                         BOSTON LOGAN INTL ARPT

    Rental Time:         25-MAY-2001 6:00 AM

    Return Location:     BOSTON INTL ARPT
                         BOSTON LOGAN INTL ARPT

    Return Time:         28-MAY-2001 1:30 PM

    Contract ID:         6600407

    Company
    Association:         WEB PROMOTIONS LEISURE DISCOUNT

    Length of Rental:    4 days

Rate Information

Item:                                                       Prices
                                                            (USD)
Car Class:
Standard 4-Wheel Drive Auto A/C
Rates:
TIME & DISTANCE                     3  DAY      @      35.99   107.97
TIME & DISTANCE                     0  HOUR     @      18.00     0.00
EXTRA - TIME & DISTANCE             1  DAY      @      51.98    51.98
EXTRA - TIME & DISTANCE             0  HOUR     @      25.99     0.00
UNLIMITED DISTANCE-TIME & DISTANCE  0  DISTANCE @       0.00     0.00

                                            Sub total          159.95

Surcharges:
CONCESSION RECOUP FEE 11.11 PCT                                 17.77
RENTAL TRANSACTION SCHRG 10 USD                                 10.00
SURCHARGE .30 USD                                                0.30
REGISTRATION/EXCISE FEE 5.0 PCT                                  8.00

Taxes:
STATE TAX (5.0%)                                                 9.80

                                    Total Estimate             205.82

(Country of Residence: US)                                      (USD)
Approximate Estimated Conversion:                              205.82

Rules and Conditions

   *  Unlimited Miles
   *  A Minimum of 2 Day(s) will be charged.
   *  Maximum rental length of 5 Day(s).
   *  Latest Pickup Day of the Week is , Sunday
   *  Renter must present a major credit card in renter's name.
   *  Renter must meet minimum age requirements, 25 years of age
      or older. In some states, this may be lower. Renter must
      also have a clean driving record.
   *  Debit and check cards not accepted at time of reservation or
      rental but, at participating locations within the United
      States, may be used for payment at time of return.

Your reservation has been accepted. The rental location will be advised.

Thank you for choosing National Car Rental.

yes.  i'm leaving at 1:00 today/

John,

Can I come by after three this afternoon to install your speakers. If you have any questions please call me.

thanks,

Dalton Hogan
Trader Desktop Deployment
Enron Networks, LLC
Office: 713-853-0356
Pager: 877-242-4378
E-mail Address: dalton.hogan@enron.com
Nextel # : 56572
E-mail Pager: <mailto:8772424378@pagenetmessage.net>

no

wait, of course i am.  i always am.

me thinks you missed a 9

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

1.99999999999999999999999999999999999

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

from saturday-monday....did 194 trades, exactly half internal.  how'd george do?

just how many ene people were busy selling gas this weekend vs outside counterparties?

	biggest question in my mind is we assume resid is a fixed target or if resid needs to keep market share and as natty drops so does resid to maintain its market.  
Well what do you think--- especially if resid is nknocked off next week?

relaxed?   how was it?

	maybe,  i don't even remember anymore... the numbers are running together.  best of all, reduced my risk 50% today.

pb, for the
kid?

	i think i had better weather in massachusetts than you had in mexico.  very relaxing though.  if i lived in the northeast and had 2.1 kids and 1.3 dogs i would definitely get a summer house around there
was until this morning.  it rained the whole time - no tan - just extra lbs from drinking beer.  how was your trip?

relaxed?   how was it?

	bot,bot,bot

     maybe,  i don't even remember anymore... the numbers are running
together.  best of all, reduced my risk 50% today.

    -----Original Message-----
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-epao+40mba2002+2Ehbs+2Eedu+40ENRON@ENRON.com]

   Sent:   Tuesday, May 29, 2001 10:35 AM
   pb, for the
   kid?

   ---------------------------------------------
   This message was sent using Endymion MailMan.
   http://www.endymion.com/products/mailman/

I called and you were off the desk...

Jan 2005-Dec 2009 settled a little high at 4.136.  Referencing a bid of 4.12 on the strip, we are 46.5/48 on the $5 call

$10,000..... they're not shy

http://www.exed.hbs.edu/programs/cs/index.html

	bot,bot,bot

>  -----Original Message-----

Misti:
I assume you are responsible for publishing the management reports.  I cannot access these reports past May 11.  Have they been published since then and if so, any idea why I can't get them?

ok

John.....Trade 4 was duplicated (same as #61) on ice.     However, there were 2 transactions on ice yesterday and one was with Duke and AEP.    Per Errol, #61 was changed to C3 at 3.83 with AEP.      If this is incorrect, please let Errol or Laura know.     Thanks!     See you'll on the 11th!.

yes

is constellation energy a goldman company?

me thinks you missed a 9

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

1.99999999999999999999999999999999999

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

crazy day....this day took a week off my life.
plans tonight?

Bad day?

	yea...for now at least.   We'll run it until a hurricane emerges overnight and I get run over for 30 cents

John,   I have been out lately.  Are you guys running the natural gas 24
hours a day?

Steve

Liz:
Are any of the diamonds available for Jun 15-17?

Bush Adviser Rove Owns Stock in Major U.S. Firms
The Wall Street Journal, 06/04/01

Saudi Arabia Sets Pacts With 9 Oil Firms
The Wall Street Journal, 06/04/01

Saudi Arabia in Pacts With Nine Global Oil Firms Energy: Deals to develop natural gas fields and other projects, worth at least $25 billion, are first major foreign funding in sector since 1975.
Los Angeles Times, 06/04/01

Enron is my spiritual teacher
The San Francisco Chronicle, 06/04/01

Gloom today, glut tomorrow
The San Francisco Chronicle, 06/04/01

INDIA: Rating firms may be judging India harshly-analysts.
Reuters English News Service, 06/04/01

INDIA: India rupee ends off lows, fwds close higher.
Reuters English News Service. 06/04/01

UK: Spectron trades UK's first post-NETA spark spread.
Reuters English News Service, 06/04/01

INDIA: Enron India lenders meet in Singapore on Tuesday.
Reuters English News Service, 06/04/01

INDIA: UPDATE 1-India's Prabhu says power reforms enter new phase.
Reuters English News Service, 06/04/01

Nigerian president slams US energy firm Enron for "poor performance"
BBC Monitoring, 06/04/01

India: India and Bush Administration: Beyond assumptions
Business Line (The Hindu), 06/04/01

Enron's Indian Creditors Seek to Salvage Dabhol Project
Bloomberg, 06/04/01

Enron Japan's Hirl on Power Deregulation: Commodity Comment
Bloomberg, 06/04/01

Bush Adviser Rove Owns Stock in Major U.S. Firms
By Jim VandeHei
Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal

06/04/2001
The Wall Street Journal
A4
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)

WASHINGTON -- President Bush's chief political strategist owns hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of stock in companies potentially affected by the president's top legislative priorities, newly released federal records show. 
Karl Rove, one of the president's most trusted advisers on almost every major legislative initiative, owns between $100,000 and $250,000 of stock in Enron Corp., Pfizer Inc., General Electric Co., Boeing Co. and Johnson & Johnson, among other holdings. (Federal law requires public officials to report their assets, income and debts in broad ranges only). All of these companies could be affected by one or more of the policies or legislative initiatives on which the president consults Mr. Rove: tax cuts, increased defense spending, an industry-oriented energy policy and health-care reform.
Mr. Rove said yesterday that he has been waiting for several months for approval from the Office of Government Ethics to sell all of his stock holdings and roll the proceeds into a diversified account without having to pay capital-gains taxes, as permitted by federal law. In the meantime, "I have had to avoid being involved in matters that specifically and materially affect my specific holdings," Mr. Rove said. 
Mr. Rove said he filed his financial disclosure reports Dec. 30 and was later informed by the Office of Government Ethics that he should sell all of his stock holdings to avoid even the appearance of a conflict of interest. 
But the government ethics office, which couldn't be reached for comment yesterday, has yet to officially grant Mr. Rove a certificate of divestiture, which would allow him to roll his proceeds into diversified accounts, according to White House spokeswoman Anne Womack. It appears that Mr. Rove has lost tens of thousands of dollars as a result of the delay because most of his stocks have lost value since the beginning of the year. 
Mr. Rove insisted that he has been careful to avoid any discussions that directly affect companies he is invested in, as federal conflict-of-interest laws require. But that can't be easy for Mr. Rove, widely regarded as one of the most powerful and influential figures in the White House. Mr. Rove serves as the president's top political adviser and runs the administration's long-term strategy team. He is also the president's top liaison to outside groups, including corporations. 
"He's involved in virtually every decision that is made here," says a White House aide. It is unclear how many times, if ever, Mr. Rove recused himself from discussion inside the White House. 
President Bush, already under fire from Democrats for his administration's close ties to industry, is likely to draw more scrutiny as a result of the new disclosures of financial links between top White House officials and major U.S. corporations, especially energy firms. 
The White House disclosed the personal finances of Mr. Rove and several other top administration officials at the behest of the media. It appears that as a result of an administrative backlog, Mr. Rove is the only member of the senior staff who hasn't been given the green light to sell his stock, according to a White House aide. 
The reports show that Mr. Rove was one of several White House officials with a financial connection, past or present, with Enron and other energy companies. Larry Lindsey, the president's top economic adviser who helped draft the energy plan, received $50,000 from Enron in 2000 for consulting work he did for the company, the documents show. 
Lewis Libby, chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney, who was chairman of the White House task force that wrote the energy plan, recently sold tens of thousands of dollars of stock in Enron and other energy companies, including Texaco Inc., Exxon Mobil Corp. and Chesapeake Energy Corp. It is unclear when the transaction went through. 
Clay Johnson, director of presidential personnel, reported holding between $100,000 and $250,000 in El Paso Energy Partners LP. And National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice had $250,000 to $500,000 worth of Chevron Corp. stock and was paid $60,000 last year for her work as a director at the company. Mr. Rove disclosed smaller holdings in BP PLC and Royal Dutch/Shell Group.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

International
Saudi Arabia Sets Pacts With 9 Oil Firms

06/04/2001
The Wall Street Journal
A17
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)

JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia (AP) -- Saudi Arabia signed agreements with nine oil companies yesterday, a move that marks the first major foreign investment in its energy sector since the industry was nationalized in the 1970s. 
The expected deal, valued at $25 billion at least, involves the development of three natural-gas fields in the kingdom, as well as a number of related power plants, transmission pipelines and water-desalinization projects.
Exxon Mobil Corp., the world's largest publicly traded oil company, is the lead manager on two of the projects, including the $15 billion Ghawar Core Venture 1 project. It also will lead the Red Sea Coast Core Venture 2 project. Royal Dutch/Shell Group was chosen to lead the Shaybah Core Venture 3 project. 
The Western companies will help Saudi Arabia convert its utilities from oil burning to natural gas, which would free up more of the kingdom's crude oil for export. 
The other companies selected were BP PLC, TotalFinaElf SA, Conoco Inc., Phillips Petroleum Co., Occidental Petroleum Corp., Enron Corp. and Marathon Oil Canada Inc. 
Saudi Arabia's state-owned energy company, Saudi Aramco, will be an equity owner in the projects. 
Saudi Arabia nationalized its oil fields in 1975 after tension caused by the Arab oil embargo against the West that began two years earlier, and it closed its energy exploration and production sectors to foreign investment. 
Although locked out of the production of energy, Exxon Mobil has $5 billion in refining and petrochemical joint ventures in the country, and it said it is also the largest foreign purchaser of crude oil and other hydrocarbons from Saudi Aramco.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

Business; Financial Desk
Saudi Arabia in Pacts With Nine Global Oil Firms Energy: Deals to develop natural gas fields and other projects, worth at least $25 billion, are first major foreign funding in sector since 1975.
From Associated Press

06/04/2001
Los Angeles Times
Home Edition
C-2
Copyright 2001 / The Times Mirror Company

JIDDAH, Saudi Arabia -- Saudi Arabia signed agreements with nine international oil companies Sunday, a move that marks the first major foreign investment in its energy sector since nationalizing the industry in 1975. 
The deals, worth a total of $25 billion or more, involve the development of three natural gas fields in the kingdom and a number of related power plants, transmission pipelines and water desalinization projects.
The Western companies will help Saudi Arabia convert its utilities from oil-burning to natural gas, which would free up more of the kingdom's crude oil for export. 
Exxon Mobil Corp., the world's largest publicly traded oil company, is the lead manager on two of the projects, including the $12-billion-to-$16-billion Ghawar Core Venture 1 project. It also will lead a second core project. Royal Dutch/Shell was chosen to lead a third project. The last two projects have a value of $7 billion to $10 billion each, Prince Saud al Faisal told reporters. 
The other companies selected were BP of Britain, TotalFinaElf of France, Conoco Inc. of Houston, Phillips Petroleum Co. of Bartlesville, Okla., Occidental Petroleum Corp. of Los Angeles, Enron Corp. of Houston and Marathon Oil Co. of Houston. 
Harry Longwell, director and senior vice president at Exxon Mobil, said the financial terms of the deal are still being discussed. But he said his company is ready to begin the work when the final contracts are signed. 
"The Saudis' expectations are extremely aggressive," Longwell said. "It's a very tight schedule and in recognition of that, the ability to get this done is one of the key reasons we were chosen to lead two of these ventures. We already have a senior management team in place and are ready to go to work immediately." 
Saudi Oil Minister Ali Ibrahim Naimi said the companies are expected to profit on returns from the exploration and development of gas fields with more than 15% of the investment cost. 
Saudi Arabia's state-owned energy company, Saudi Aramco, will be an equity owner in the projects. 
Saud said if the companies discover oil, they will be compensated and the fields will be repossessed by Saudi Arabia. 
Saudi Arabia nationalized its oil fields in 1975 and closed its energy exploration and production sectors to foreign investment. 
Although locked out of the production of energy, Irving, Texas-based Exxon Mobil has $5 billion in refining and petrochemical joint ventures in the country and is the largest foreign purchaser of crude oil and other hydrocarbons from Saudi Aramco.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

DAILY DATEBOOK
JON CARROLL
Enron is my spiritual teacher
Jon Carroll

06/04/2001
The San Francisco Chronicle
FINAL
E.10
(Copyright 2001)

THE BUDDHA SAYS that we take wisdom where we find it. Perhaps the Buddha does not say that, but it's not a bad idea anyway. The Buddha would have said it, maybe, had he not been saying the other things. 
Our enemies can teach us lessons. Our adversaries can make us stronger. They can be consumed with greed and contempt, their very breath can be toxic, and yet their actions can open upward-flowing paths.
Take Enron, the energy company, or Chevron, another energy company, or El Paso Natural Gas, yet another energy company. These organizations are the minions of Satan. They pillage and they profit. They are in the ascendant. Their enemies fall before them like cordwood. Ordinary citizens cower and meekly hand over tribute. 
And yet we thank them. We send our investigators after them and we pray that their executives land in jail, but we thank them. They have shown us the nature of our enslavement. They have defined the nature of our sloth. 
We have believed the Big Lie. We have believed in the free lunch. We have trusted those who would pander to us. We have eaten energy in great dripping gobs. Did we know it was not infinitely renewable? Oh yes. Did we understand that energy companies could create "shortages" whenever they wanted merely by closing plants for "maintenance"? You bet we did. And did we confuse the energy companies with charitable organizations and/or alchemists able to repeal the laws of nature? We did not. 
But it was more convenient to forget those things, and so we did. We have busy lives. We must do the things we must do. The infrastructure is everywhere crumbling, and we are patching it up ourselves. We are paying bureaucrats with taxes, but the bureaucrats are inadequate, so now the spirit of volunteerism is much praised. 
Volunteers are people who do jobs that other people are being paid to do but don't. 
AND SOMEHOW, EVEN in a society as relentlessly materialistic as this one, we forgot about our own checking accounts. Already seduced by the idea that credit card debt is good clean fun, we decided to waste a lot of money using energy we didn't need. 
I'm not talking about using a washing machine instead of going down to the river and beating your clothes with small stones -- I'm talking about washing machines with quarter-full loads and settings far too powerful for the task at hand. Right? Lights burning in unoccupied rooms. Appliances plugged in but never used. 
We pay for it. We send our wonderful money straight to the largest villains in American commerce because we are too stupid to do anything else. You wonder why they have contempt for us. You wonder why Dick Cheney believes he can fool all of the people all of the time. Because he has. 
Look: Last week the secretary of commerce suggested means-testing Social Security -- that is, means-testing a pension plan. You gave us the money, we kept it for 40 years, now -- prove that you need it! 
Why did he suggest that? Because he can! Why did PG&E demand additional compensation for its executives, who are moral dimbulbs and social criminals under any fair definition? Because they can get away with it! They will get away with it! You watch! 
I AM NOT saying that we have no one to blame but ourselves. There are active villains, and there are people who allow villainy to occur. Everyone in a corrupt system is corrupt. The fools are the ones who don't end up with any extra money. 
We are the fools. If we understand our foolishness, we begin to be wise. We send lovely bread-and-butter notes to Enron -- once we were blind, but now we see. And we await developments, or create them. 
Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

EDITORIAL
WASHINGTON INSIGHT
Gloom today, glut tomorrow
Carolyn Lochhead

06/04/2001
The San Francisco Chronicle
FINAL
A.19
(Copyright 2001)

WHAT GOES UP usually comes down. And few industries are more prone to boom and bust than energy. 
Imagine the news stories a few years from now: "Crisis hangover -- energy stocks sink as prices plunge; But California consumers still stuck with high bills."
"The energy industry is suffering its worst downturn since the supply glut of the 1990s, as dozens of big new power plants come on line, and the just-completed Alaskan gas pipeline sends natural gas prices to their lowest levels in six years. 
"The one bright spot for Texas generators is California, where consumers are locked into long-term contracts for wholesale electricity that the state signed at the peak of its blackouts in the summer of 2001. 
"Sacramento lawmakers have appealed to President Daschle to help get the state off the hook, arguing that California will never claw its way out of its economic slump if businesses continue to flee to states where energy is cheap. 
"But top Enron lobbyist Gray Davis, a former governor of California, warned Daschle that suppliers would have little choice but to go to court to enforce the contracts the state signed." 
Washington and Sacramento are agog with the energy crisis and bursting at the seams with plans to fix it. But the one thing no one - - even environmentalists -- suggests is letting high energy prices discourage energy consumption or encourage new supplies. 
"To economists, letting the price rise is the solution," said Paul Portney, president of Resources for the Future, a Washington think tank. "To elected representatives, having the price go up is the problem." 
Political memories tend to be selective and short. But it was the energy glut of the 1990s that contributed to California's blackouts, $3 gasoline and $400-a-month heating bills. Likewise, high prices are now laying the seeds of their own destruction. 
As a story in the New York Times noted, an energy investment boom "promises a cyclical increase in supplies that is expected to stabilize or reduce prices in coming months, many industry executives and private analysts say." 
Through much of the 1990s, there was a glut of energy. Fuel of all kinds was really cheap. 
How cheap? Adjusted for inflation, as cheap as in 1949, economists calculate. 
Energy is the oxygen of the economy, and rock-bottom prices contributed to the long economic boom. But low prices also caused energy production to slump and consumption to soar. 
People ditched their economy cars for SUVs. Houses got bigger, ceilings got higher and kitchens sprouted industrial stoves with enough BTUs to melt aluminum. Stores, offices and homes turned into summertime refrigerators. 
Low prices discouraged energy development. 
"Oil was so cheap for so long, that people were selling their refineries," Portney said. "You had virtually no exploration for new natural gas when prices were at $2 a BTU." 
As demand soared and supply fell, prices rose. Profits have grown so robust that green fuels, such as biomass and wind, are becoming economically viable. The oil industry is booming. Refineries are expanding. The long-delayed construction of a natural gas pipeline from Alaska now looks likely. So many power plants are under construction that the market may be flooded with as much as 200,000 new megawatts by 2004. 
Investments in energy efficiency -- from new-age superconducting transmission wires to better light bulbs -- are suddenly looking attractive for the first time in decades. 
"High prices will dampen demand, high prices will encourage supply, and will encourage people to make better use of what they've got," said Robert Ebel, director of energy for the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "So we're starting on the down slope. We're not very far down. When prices start to decline, I can't say how far they will go. But they will decline, because that's just the law of supply and demand. Prices decline, demand starts to creep up again, there's less incentive to add to supply, and here we go again."

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

INDIA: Rating firms may be judging India harshly-analysts.
By Vidya Ranganathan

06/04/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.

BOMBAY, June 4 (Reuters) - Analysts have reacted with surprise to last week's decision of ratings agency Fitch to cut India's sovereign ratings outlook to negative from stable, and say there are no grounds to downgrade the country. 
Fitch, which rates India's foreign currency obligations at BB-plus, a notch above Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's, cited concerns about fiscal policy, privatisation and deterioration in foreign investment climate.
However, economists speculated it could either be on account of Fitch adjusting its ratings in line with other global agencies, or a fallout of U.S. energy giant Enron Corp's threat to exit an Indian power venture over payments problems. 
Moody's and S&P said on Friday they have not revised ratings or outlook but are disappointed with fiscal reform efforts. 
Local currency and stock markets reacted nervously to the announcement, but economists said most concerns were exaggerated. 
"When the direction of reforms is positive and government flows are improving, the outlook should not change," said Mohan Nagarajan, chief economist at local rating agency CARE Ltd. 
Even if the provocation for the rating review was the Enron episode, analysts said the problems were specific to the power sector and will not affect the robust foreign investment the country has been receiving. 
"Enron was a bad deal, made on unreasonable terms in the first place and does not reflect the ability of the government to pay its dues," said an economist with a U.S.-based fund. 
Some of the confusion arises from the various ratings assigned to India. 
Moody's has retained a positive outlook on its Ba2 rating since late 1999, while S&P has a stable outlook and a BB rating. 
CONCERNS OVERSTATED 
Analysts said none of the factors Fitch cited had deteriorated in the past year, since it first rated India. 
Fitch said India's fiscal-monetary mix was unfavorable, real interest rates were high and there was the risk of a debt trap. 
India marginally overshot its budgeted fiscal deficit in 2000/01 (April-March) to 5.2 percent of GDP, down from the previous year's 5.6 percent. 
But laws to control government spending are awaiting parliament's approval, there are incentives for disciplined state governments and a determined effort at privatising state-run firms has begun. 
Burgeoning fiscal deficits have persisted for a decade and public debt at 60 percent of GDP is high, but at six percent annual growth, India is one of the fastest expanding economies in Asia. 
"In terms of external liquidity, India is much stronger than its BB+ rating while even its public debt to GDP ratio is lower than that of some Asian nations," said P.K. Basu, chief economist for South East Asia at Credit Suisse First Boston, Singapore. 
Foreign investment has been pouring in - portfolio flows at $2.2 billion so far in 2001 are at record levels and compare with $1.56 billion for the whole of 2000 - and foreign exchange reserves are strong at $42.8 billion. 
Interest rates and yields have also dropped, with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) adopting an aggressive easing stance this year to prop the slowing economy, and inflation is benign. 
"The hardest initial steps are being taken and there is still a lot of inertia, but soon there will be a willing audience and reforms can progress faster," CARE's Nagarajan said. 
But critics said the changes were still very superficial and structural reforms that would spur long-term growth and demand were lacking. 
"What the rating agencies have emphasised is fiscal consolidation, which means better revenue streams, efficient expenses, user charges for public utilities...we promised these three years back and haven't moved very far on those," said Saumitra Chaudhari, economist with local rating agency ICRA Ltd. 
"We still do not have a securities bill, mature debt market and our banks have not cleaned up,".

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

INDIA: India rupee ends off lows, fwds close higher.

06/04/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.

BOMBAY, June 4 (Reuters) - The rupee ended unchanged on Monday, recovering from the day's low after a large European bank sold dollars, dealers said. 
It had slipped to a low of 47.04 per dollar in early deals on dollar purchases by a jewellery importer.
The rupee ended at steady at d47.01/02 per dollar. 
Dealers said there was no impact of Friday's comments from international rating agencies which had raised concerns over continuity of foreign investment and dragged shares lower. 
The currency recovered from lows around 47.085 on Friday, reacting to international rating agency Fitch's revision in the outlook for India's ratings on sovereign debt to negative from stable, citing worries about fiscal policy, privatisation and deterioration in the country's foreign investment climate. 
Later, rating firms Moody's and Standard & Poor's (S&P) said they were disappointed over the government's reform effort. 
Moody's also raised a concern about India's Maharashtra state utility's ongoing tussle with Houston-based Enron Corp and said: "the dispute indicates that India's government may not be willing to live up to its contractual obligations". 
It added this would further deter foreign direct investment from coming into the country. 
The comments weighed on bond prices, which extended losses on Monday, and in turn led to paying in dollar forwards. 
"After a long gap, there was corporate paying interest in forwards today," a dealer with a state-run bank said. 
The six-month forward ended at an annualised 5.10 percent compared with Friday's 4.95. 
For a speed guide to Reuters treasury coverage, ((Bombay Treasury Desk, +91 22 265-9000 fax +91 22 264-1699, vidya.ranganathan@reuters.com)).

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

UK: Spectron trades UK's first post-NETA spark spread.

06/04/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.

LONDON, June 4 (Reuters) - Energy brokerage Spectron said late on Friday it had traded the first brokered gas-electricity arbitrage, or "spark spread", deal in the UK since the launch in March this year of new electricity trading arrangements (NETA). 
"Now that liquidity has returned to the electricity market post NETA, such transactions are expected to become more common...", said Spectron in a statement.
The deal was concluded between UK utility Powergen and U.S. energy group Enron . 
Spectron said the trade, covering winter 2002, was for 60 megawatts of electricity at 21.42 pounds a megawatt hour and for 100,000 therms of gas at 24.85 pence a therm. 
The winter period specified in the deal ran from October 1 to March 31. 
For the electricity, one day was defined as 2300 hours to 2300 hours. 
For the gas, one day was 0600 hours to 0600 hours. 
The deal comes as the industry moves to create standard terms and conditions for spark spreads. 
Powergen is due to meet in mid-June with other traders, including Aquila Energy , for talks aimed at agreeing standard terms. 
"It is hoped that the market will soon establish standardised documentation leading to a standardised product that will help promote liquidity in one or more levels of efficiency," said Spectron.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

INDIA: Enron India lenders meet in Singapore on Tuesday.
By Sriram Ramakrishnan

06/04/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.

BOMBAY, June 4 (Reuters) - Lenders to Enron Corp's troubled Dabhol Power Company begin a two-day meeting in Singapore on Tuesday to try and settle differences over continued support to a controversial $2.9 billion power project in India. 
Representatives of some of the world's largest banks like Citibank , ABN AMRO , and Bank of America, will be at the meeting. Indian lenders like the Industrial Development Bank of India , State Bank of India and ICICI will also participate.
Market analysts speculate that the meeting will attempt to forge a joint stand on supporting the project which now produces 740 MW of power and is slated to increase it to 2,184 MW shortly in its second phase. 
But it comes against a backdrop of rising tension between Dabhol and the Indian state utility, the Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB), which is the sole buyer of Dabhol's electricity. 
Indian lenders, who have lent the bulk of the funds to the plant, want to continue supporting the project. 
But they are being opposed by offshore lenders who want to withdraw their loans. Loans of around $638 million of the offshore lenders are covered by guarantees provided by Indian institutions. 
The Indian lenders, fearing for their profitability if the foreign banks pull the plug, plan to oppose any such move. 
But they have been forced on the backfoot by MSEB's decision last week to stop buying power from Dabhol and terminate its 1995 contract with the company under which it agreed to lift the entire output. 
The MSEB has complained that Dabhol produces costly power while Dabhol has blamed MSEB for defaulting on payments worth $48 million. 
Last month, Dabhol issued a preliminary notice to terminate its contract to sell power. It has also filed for arbitration in London. This provoked MSEB to haul Dabhol before a local regulatory body, the Maharashtra State Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC), which issued a temporary order staying the arbitration proceedings. 
The dispute has already affected India's image among foreign investors. 
Last week, global rating agency Moody's expressed concern over slippage in the Indian government's reform programme and cited the Enron's dispute as an example that the country may be losing credibility with foreign investors. 
"The dispute indicates that India's government may not be willing to live up to its contractual obligations. As a consequence, this would further deter foreign direct investment from coming into the country," Moody's said. 
India's federal Power Minister Suresh Prabhu tried to dispel those fears in an interview with Reuters on Sunday. 
"India is always in favour of making sure that international contracts are respected," he said. "There is no need for concern." ($1 = 47 Indian rupees).

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

INDIA: UPDATE 1-India's Prabhu says power reforms enter new phase.
By Clarence Fernandez

06/04/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.

BOMBAY, June 4 (Reuters) - India's reforms of its sputtering power sector have entered a new phase, with plans afoot to free up private supply, overhaul debt-ridden state utilities and recraft tariffs, Power Minister Suresh Prabhu told Reuters. 
With investors' fears fanned by a squabble between U.S. energy giant Enron Corp and a local utility, Prabhu said in an interview late on Sunday that India is standing behind international contracts.
"Sanctity of contracts has to be kept," Prabhu said. 
The row began late last year when the utility in western Maharashtra state defaulted on payments of $48 million to Dabhol Power Company, 65 percent owned by Enron. The 2,184 MW power project is India's largest foreign investment, at $2.9 billion. 
Prabhu has vowed to take Indian reforms in a new direction. 
"Absolutely," he said in reply to a question whether India's reforms have entered a different phase. The Power Ministry will now also focus on power distribution, he added, besides its early preoccupation with generation needs. 
"In India unfortunately for the last 10 years...reforms policy was skewed in favour of generation," he said. "We never really realised that distribution is the more important part of the process." 
Prabhu added, "We have now decided we will make enough structural changes in distribution so that at the end of distribution enough investment is made." 
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANT 
A chartered accountant, Prabhu hails from the verdant regions of India's western coastal strand, and chaired a co-operative bank that was one of the country's largest, in terms of deposits, before his foray into politics. 
An errant lock of hair straying across his forehead, Prabhu eschews the Indian politician's traditional uniform of starched white handspun cotton for the shirtsleeves and trousers preferred by the professionals who have entered government, and whom local media call "technocrats". 
Prabhu said India has decided to allow private producers to sell power direct to consumers, lifting curbs that have hobbled the country's decade-old reform effort. 
He said the question of power affordability had spurred him to ask India's states to permit third-party sales of power, which analysts have called a stumbling-block for foreign investment. 
"They cannot force a generator to sell power only to the SEBs, and that's a major change we are trying to make," Prabhu said, referring to the states. 
SEBs or state electricity boards are owned by the state governments, and supply power to most of India. 
India estimates that 100,000 MW of fresh capacity will have to be installed over the next 12 years to meet its power needs. Most of the $200 billion in funds that will be required will have to come from foreign private investment. 
But India's spotty reform record over the last decade has made investors wary. Bureaucratic procedures, legal delays and political wrangling have held up reform moves. 
RATING REVISED TO NEGATIVE 
Last week global rating agency Fitch revised India's sovereign rating outlook to negative from stable, citing fiscal concerns, the slow pace of privatisation and deterioration in the country's foreign investment climate. Competing agency Moody's sees signs of slippage in the reforms, and Standard & Poor's has expressed worries over India's budget deficit. 
Prabhu said he wants to overhaul state power utilities by introducing standard accounting policies, cutting transmission and distribution losses to 15 percent, and tackling crushing debt, thus helping to lure foreign investment into the sector. 
The poor financial health of the utilities, expected to run up combined losses of about $6 billion in the 2001/02 fiscal year, has proved a hurdle in efforts to draw private investment. 
Prabhu said an expert panel examining ways to restructure SEB finances - looking at technical, commercial and tariff issues - is expected to report within a few weeks. 
"For the first time we will be preparing commercial data which is internationally accepted. We will be preparing technical data which is internationally appreciable. And thirdly, we'll be creating an information base which will be created by experts and then made available to the states," he said. 
The utilities' transmission and distribution losses run to up to 25 percent of the electricity they generate, compared to a figure of about eight percent internationally, he said. 
Prabhu wants to trim this to about 15 percent within two or three years. 
"In the case of India, I am willing to accept a figure of 14 percent to 15 percent, because to bring it below that will be technically feasible but commercially unviable," he added. 
Other steps to tone up power generation include attempts to link the eastern region with the rest of India, efforts to boost plant load factors through modernisation of equipment, and to persuade people to use energy more efficiently. 
Prabhu said he is building political will to support these moves through a programme to tell consumers why they can no longer get power cheap, or even free, as many did in the past. ($1=47 Indian rupees).

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

Nigerian president slams US energy firm Enron for "poor performance"

06/04/2001
BBC Monitoring
Source: The Guardian web site, Lagos, in English 4 Jun 01/BBC Monitoring/(c) BBC

Text of article by Francis Obinor entitled: "Obasanjo chides Enron on Lagos power project"; published by Nigerian newspaper The Guardian web site on 4 June 
For failing to live up to expectation of the Nigerian government and the people as regard its role in the Independent Power Project (IPP) initiated by the Lagos State government two years ago, Enron, the American firm got a hard knock from President Olusegun Obasanjo at the weekend [2-3 June].
In his conclusion, Obasanjo accused Enron, a major player in the electricity project, of poor performance and bad faith. Ostensibly angry at the delay in the project's full take-off and the 30 MW recently connected to the national grid from the scheme, the president on the American Cable News Network (CNN) declared: "Enron has played a dirty game on us. Dirty game in two ways." 
Beside putting up an exorbitant price, the company according to the president, also failed to comply with the terms of the contract. Continuing, Obasanjo said: "The price at which they (Enron) have tried to sell power to us has been very exorbitant. Two, what they told us they would do, they have not done." 
While refusing to disclose the firm's charges, Enron Vice-President of Marketing John Ambler said the primary objective of the company was to get the project on stream. "We have a project that is very close to coming on line," he said, stressing that the company's desire is to see the project work effectively in Nigeria, especially in Lagos. He added that Enron is committed to the IPP and assured Lagosians that they would soon begin to feel the impact. 
The state government brought forward the June 2001 deadline it set for the commencement of the first phase of the project when it fired the first 30 MW of electricity to the national grid two weeks ago. 
At the Government House on 23 May, Governor Bola Tinubu said his administration and the contracting firm felt that there was no harm in bringing the date forward and assured that another 30 MW would be added soon. He noted that, contrary to expectations that the project would cover the entire state at a go, it would be in phases and the focus for now would be industrial consumption. "The concentration for now is not as private homes, we would soon get there," Tinubu assured. 
The controversial IPP programme, which the federal government had at one time been accused of frustrating, has suffered several setbacks, including Enron's initial plan to sell its shares to AES, another American company. Last April was originally fixed for the project's take-off but the failure of Trevi, a construction company in charge of transmitters, caused a shift in the date.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

India: India and Bush Administration: Beyond assumptions

06/04/2001
Business Line (The Hindu)
Copyright (C) 2001 Kasturi & Sons Ltd (KSL); Source: World Reporter (TM) - Asia Intelligence Wire

SOON after Mr George W. Bush Jr. won the US elections, Indian observers proclaimed quickly that a Republican administration bodes good for India. A Republican administration was expected to not pester India about human rights violations in Kashmir, not force it to sign the CTBT, and get tougher with China. 
Mr George Bush's decision to "drop by" the External Affairs Minister, Mr Jaswant Singh's meeting with the American National Security Advisor, Ms Condoleezza Rice, seemed to somehow confirm this false sense of euphoria. This narrow thinking fails to understand the drivers of Republican ideology. The reality is the Republicans care about a range of issues that will force the BJP Government to make some difficult decisions.
Take the first issue of human rights violations in Kashmir. It is true there are many isolationists in the Republican Party who, probably, do not care about human rights violation in Kashmir so long as it does not affect them, and is not happening in their backyard. But there is another powerful force in Republican politics - the religious wing. This includes powerful members of the US Cabinet such as The Attorney-General, Mr John Ashcroft, who are Christian fundamentalists. 
Mr Bush himself claims to be a 'born again Christian'. 
The religious right is rarely interested in foreign policy; it mostly concerns itself with moral and social issues such as abortion and teenage pregnancy. But the few times it does intervene, it is when it feels a country is "persecuting Christians". And when it does intervene, no Republican administration dares cross it. 
For instance, China is periodically identified as a country that persecutes Christians. Christian missionaries and ministers are routinely harassed and imprisoned because they are trying to spread their religion. Because of this issue, Republican members of the Christian right in Congress have all but declared a religious war on China, routinely opposing any attempt to improve relations - including trade relations - with that country. 
India, as an emerging power, is more carefully watched, and frequently mentioned in the American press. Stories of Christian missionaries being burnt alive and nuns raped are attributed to "elements associated with the Hindu fundamentalist ruling party". In its latest human rights report, the US State Department noted these acts with concern. 
The Pope's mention of these issues to the Prime Minister, Mr Atal Bihari Vajpayee, was also noted in the American press. India is, perhaps, half a step away from being branded as a country that "persecutes Christians". 
A self-professed born-again Christian like Mr George Bush would quickly take up the Christian right's cause, trumping all other bilateral issues. Human rights may not matter to the isolationists, but Christian, and to a lesser extent Jewish, religious freedom matters tremendously to a Republican administration. 
The second fallacy was that since the Republicans in Congress did not pass the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, they would not force other countries to pass the CTBT either. But why are the Republicans are opposed to the CTBT. The opponents of the CTBT feel that it fails to safeguard American security. They frankly care little about Indian security. They would love to be able to restrict India's ability to test and use its weapons. To them, nuclear weapons not in American hands translates into an unsafe world. Unless India manages to convince the Republicans otherwise, the Republican administration is likely to tighten the anti-proliferation screws on India. 
The third fallacy relates to a tough, long-term strategic re-alignment the Bush Administration will demand of India. Mr Bush's foreign policy-makers are unreconstructed 'Cold Warriors'. In the post-Cold War era, they are desperately "searching for an enemy". They appear to have settled on China as "the next enemy". Their next step is to search for "allies" 
who rarely challenge their views. Thinkers in Washington and New Delhi believe that India and the US are "natural allies". But such a decision has an enormous range of long-term consequences for India. 
To discuss just a few: Most of the Indian military's equipment comes from Russia and the former Soviet Union. Allying with the US will be seen by the Russians as abandoning them, and this could have an enormous impact on the legacy military equipment. Recent noises from the Foreign Ministry suggest India is also eager about Mr George Bush's proposed missile defence programme. But this technology is far from proven, and during the decade over which it may be developed (if it gets past Congress), China will most certainly develop many nuclear weapons. These may, primarily, be a deterrent against the US, but it will force India into an arms buildup it can barely afford. 
The Americans are reserving their missile defence system for their "closest allies". India today is neither fish nor fowl - not quite a threat, but not quite an ally either. It is unlikely that India will be able to convince the Americans to give it the defence system. 
Even if the Americans agree to sell it to India, it could never afford the sticker price. So, before it rejoices at the notion of anti-China hawks in the White House, let India ponder over the unexamined consequences. 
The final issue is one that may precipitate in the very near term. 
Enron and Maharashtra find themselves in a dispute that neither wants to lose, and that appears to be rapidly getting shriller. Mr George Bush's background is as a Texas oilman - and he is widely accused in the US of being beholden to the interests of the energy industry. 
In fact, they were among the biggest "contributors to his campaign". 
The Enron Chairman, Mr Kenneth Lay, is a friend of Mr Bush's, and was seriously considered for a job in his Cabinet. He is so well connected that he was recently accused of influencing who is appointed by the White House to regulate the energy industry. In the near term, Mr Bush could quite possibly lean heavily on New Delhi to "make sure that Enron's interests are not neglected". If New Delhi does not respond to his satisfaction, his opinion of India, and consequently, his administration's dealings with the country, are likely to be coloured far more than we think. 
Giridhar Srinivasan

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

Enron's Indian Creditors Seek to Salvage Dabhol Project
2001-06-04 08:41 (New York)

Enron's Indian Creditors Seek to Salvage Dabhol Project

     Mumbai, June 4 (Bloomberg) -- Indian banks that loaned money
to Dabhol Power Corp., the local unit of Enron Corp., will try and
persuade their international counterparts to keep alive the $3
billion project at a meeting of lenders in Singapore tomorrow.
    The two-day meeting will be the first between the two groups
of bankers since they met in London on April 24-25 to discuss an
escalating dispute on power prices that has pitted Enron against
the Maharashtra State Electricity Board, Dabhol's only customer.
     ``We will discuss how we can go about resolving the
problem,'' R.S. Agarwal, executive director at Industrial
Development Bank of India, or IDBI, said. IDBI is the biggest
lender to the Dabhol project.
     The outcome of the Singapore meeting, to be held in the
offices of ABN Amro Holding NV, one of the biggest international
lenders to the project, will be crucial to the banks, which have
loaned as much as $2 billion to Dabhol.
     Indian banks fear the Maharashtra State Electricity Board's
decision to stop buying power from Dabhol may strengthen
international lenders' resolve to terminate the project and invoke
government guarantees to recover their loans.
     ``Foreign lenders want to close the (Dabhol) chapter,'' said
Pradyumna Kaul, an activist with Enron Virodhi Andolan, a non-
government organization opposed to the project. ``They are eager
to call in their loans, even if it means taking a 10 to 15 percent
cut, rather than spend more on supervision and legal expenses
while watching the saga linger.''
     Local banks such as IDBI are most at risk as the Maharashtra
and federal governments have guaranteed only foreign banks' loans
of about $600 million to the venture.
     IDBI alone has exposure totaling 21.58 billion rupees ($460
million) to the project, including 15.28 billion rupees in
guarantees.
     Foreign lenders such as ABN Amro, Citibank N.A., a unit of
Citigroup Inc., Bank of America and Credit Suisse First Boston in
April approved Dabhol's decision to begin termination of its power
supply contract with the board. They are in favor of canceling the
project.
     India's government risks having to pay 170 billion rupees in
fines, resulting from guarantees it has offered on payments and
loans, if Enron pulls out of the project.

                             The Fight

     Maharashtra State Electricity Board Wednesday stopped buying
power from Dabhol as the dispute escalated. The board on May 24
told Dabhol Power Co. it was canceling its power purchase
contract, six days after Dabhol gave the board notice it was set
to pull out of the project because of the six-month dispute over
bills owed by the board.
     ``The MSEB's move has complicated the matter. We did not
expect MSEB to do this,'' Agarwal at IDBI said last week.
     Dabhol, 65 percent owned by Enron, and the board are in
dispute over 3 billion rupees in unpaid bills for December and
January. Others bills through March have been paid.
     The board has refused to pay the December and January bills,
saying they should be lowered to reflect a 4 billion rupee penalty
the board imposed on Dabhol for not supplying power at full
capacity on Jan. 28.
     The dispute Thursday prompted debt-rating company Fitch to
change its outlook on India to ``negative'' from ``stable.'' Fitch
said the climate for foreign investors has deteriorated.
     ``The dispute indicates that India's government may not be
willing to live up to its contractual obligation,'' the Economic
Times quoted Kristin Lindow, India analyst at Moody's Investors
Service, as saying. ``As a consequence, this would further deter
foreign director investment from coming into the country.''
     Moody's and Standard & Poor's have stable outlooks on the
country's sovereign rating. S&P has an investment grade rating of
``BBB'' on the country's sovereign debt. Moody's, like Fitch,
rates India's debt as junk at ``BB2.''

Enron Japan's Hirl on Power Deregulation: Commodity Comment
2001-06-04 06:29 (New York)

     Sydney, June 4 (Bloomberg) -- Joseph Hirl, chief executive of
Enron Corp.'s Japanese unit, Enron Japan Corp., comments on the
outlook for deregulation of Japan's electricity industry. He spoke
at the Coaltrans Asia conference in Sydney.

On Japanese government policy:
     ``The government does have a strong commitment to
deregulation, but there are some significant policy concerns''
including a ``greater than 80 percent reliance on imports'' of
energy.
     ``The market has been open a bit over a year, however not
much has happened. No genuine competition exists under the current
system. The companies there recognize that it will happen. It's
inevitable.
     ``The level of competition in Japan now is similar to the
U.S. in 1994-95, or Europe in 1996-97. Prices are about 400
percent higher than the U.S.
     ``To put it in perspective, I won't give the name of this
large chemical company, but it consumes about 600 megawatts. If
you compare that business with a company that's just like it in
Houston, Texas, the difference would be about $250 million a year
in the cost of electricity.
     ``For such an export-led economy, that's a difficult
situation to be in, and it's contributing to the overall malaise
in the economy.''

On the likelihood of a California-style electricity crisis in
Japan:
     ``Despite exploitation of California by the utilities, METI
(Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry) and others recognize it
was a problem of design, not competition'' in California.

no idea

John- do you remember the details of a large nat gas deal we did with them (probably a few years ago)?

thanks,
ca

thanks,   i'll be there today

 << File: SumSheet-Jen.xls >> 
see spreadsheet --lots of late cargoes= fewer noms, 

Hey babe:
Any chance there are copies of the Nightline and/or Frontline shows lying around??

	definitely did.  you have to be a pretty boring person to not have fun in south beach

before the whole week goes by.... i had a great time in miami and i hope you did too.

ca

	Looks fine to me.
	--John

John/Kevin/John --

Can you take a look at this and tell me if anything gives you heartburn.  Its a sidebar for an article on energy trading in Global Finance.  The reporter's deadline is Fri., June 8.  Thanks.

Eric

 
 - Enron.final.doc << File: Enron.final.doc >> 

Agree.  Still not at supply/demand equilibrium.  Unfortunately, market lack=
s a catalyst for sharp move down from here until bid week.  i think continu=
e to see slow erosion.  think we are slowly running out of places to put ga=
s.  discretionary storage guys have their belly full.  can see cash/futures=
 just keep widening from here.  q/v spread, even though it widens every day=
, still has a long way to go.  think you get to V and there is nowhere to p=
ut the gas.  could see v/x going to 30+.  i buy every cantango spread i can=
.  when market moves up the winter goes 1 for 1, when the market goes down =
you make money.  strongest product in the gas market are nymex futures.  ev=
erything else is a bloodbath.  socal basis has gone from $10 to $4 in the p=
ast month.  canadian storage balances are ridiculous.  imports are going to=
 blow away last year.   new lng coming in late novy.  rig count is like ope=
n interest, a straight line up.  gas is behaving very price inelastic, just=
 like it did on the move from $3 to $5 last year.  see little hope. =20
h/j is the craziest spread on the board.  it is not a fundamentally priced =
spread though.  for several reasons, the industry uses that spread primaril=
y to link the front of the board to the back.  think the front will keep dr=
ifting lower and the back will find some customer buy support as we get cal=
 2 down to 3.75 ish.  thus, h/j has to come in...i think.  plus i have the =
fundamentals on my side.

not much change for me john-i dont see much hope from the bull side. a hot
summer at this pt only delays my bearishness further. its 3.1 tcf most
bullish end oct or 3.4 if we're not hot for the rest of summer. either way
says its all too high priced.
   now what the hell is up w/bo buying those H/J?? to me this one is lookin=
g
a little like the aug/oct(remember how stupid that was at +5 cts. h/j maybe
not that redicuous but almost. at what pt will the mkt/world give up on the
winter strip and h/j gets back to a more reasonalbe 15 cts like jan/feb and
feb/mar?
   mkt seems to be treating you well. still pluggin along here. so far so
good. but im pretty much unwavering in my bearish conviction-think its stil=
l
down and maybe below 3 bucks and much more-always the problem of how much
wip you have to take in the short term.
    our cust stuff on the buy side has finally cooled off as all those guys
hedged over 5.00. industrial sectors still suffering from bad bad margins a=
s
the chemical biz sucks due to imports,ammonia  and metals biz sucks.resid
prices will help a little but if we have 2 bcf/day more supply y on y then
there is no hope.
be cool-regards,
number 212-836-5030

are you prepared to defend your answer?

and your offer?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

1.99999999999999999999999999999999999

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

come on up this afternoon around 3.  

i need yr help--- can i get some tutoring? I'd like to spend some time on yr desk. Also maybe we could meet after trading i'll come uptstairs--i have lots of questions.
thanks,   i'll be there today

 << File: SumSheet-Jen.xls >> 
see spreadsheet --lots of late cargoes= fewer noms, 

send

can i come tomorrow---- i have a couple of meetings today
come on up this afternoon around 3.  

i need yr help--- can i get some tutoring? I'd like to spend some time on yr desk. Also maybe we could meet after trading i'll come uptstairs--i have lots of questions.
thanks,   i'll be there today

 << File: SumSheet-Jen.xls >> 
see spreadsheet --lots of late cargoes= fewer noms, 

tomorrow's fine

what?
send

can i come tomorrow---- i have a couple of meetings today
come on up this afternoon around 3.  

i need yr help--- can i get some tutoring? I'd like to spend some time on yr desk. Also maybe we could meet after trading i'll come uptstairs--i have lots of questions.
thanks,   i'll be there today

 << File: SumSheet-Jen.xls >> 
see spreadsheet --lots of late cargoes= fewer noms, 

	did you call?

was in your building last night

are you going to tell me or do i have to guess
I've decided what the charge should be for housing refugees during power outages and other tragic phenomena as a result of the Flood of a Lifetime.

second, third, and fourth that

this is craziness.

Please delete previous message.  It was meant for David Oxley

Liz:
Wondering if you've had any luck in securing tix for this Saturday's game.  Also, are the diamonds available for Jun 23?

Thanks,
John

not after today

Is lavorato going to buy you a vacheron?

late night yesterday?

me thinks you missed a 9

1.99999999999999999999999999999999999

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

I told you we should have sold cal 5-14 yesterday

	yea, i interviewed him.  i gave him a thumbs up.  why do you ask?

Hey - -did you meet this guy?!

	my plan worked

Actually, what really happened is that he told me you were a prick to him and he wasn't taking the job because of your arrogant attitude!

	yea, i interviewed him.  i gave him a thumbs up.  why do you ask?

Hey - -did you meet this guy?!

Kim:
At the start of the year, I requested tix for this Friday's and Sunday's games.  Just checking to see if they have my name on them.

	no, but i didnt even know you guys were going.

Are you coming in for the game tomorrow? 

marcus:
any thoughts about next weekend?  i still want to go somewhere.  this is killing me.  how about south america or is it too far?

take me off your list=20

[IMAGE]=09Quote.com << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/ >> =09 Log In <=
< File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/auth/login.asp >>  | Sign Up << File:=
 http://finance.lycos.com/home/subs/default.asp >>  | Account Mgt. << File:=
 http://finance.lycos.com/home/reg/myaccount.asp >>  | Insight Center << Fi=
le: http://finance.lycos.com/home/iec/default.asp >> =09[IMAGE]=09 Get Quot=
e/LiveCharts:  [IMAGE]  [IMAGE] FindSymbol << File: http://finance.lycos.co=
m/home/misc/symbol_search.asp >>  =09[IMAGE]=09
[IMAGE]=09=09=09=09[IMAGE]=09[IMAGE]=09
[IMAGE]=09=09=09=09[IMAGE]=09[IMAGE]=09
[IMAGE]=09=09=09=09[IMAGE]=09[IMAGE]=09

[IMAGE]=09     My Portfolio << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/portfoli=
o >>   | LiveCharts << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/livecharts >>  |=
 Quote.comTV << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/tv.asp >>  | Stocks << =
File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/stocks >>  | News << File: http://finan=
ce.lycos.com/home/news >>  |   Msg Boards << File: http://finance.lycos.com=
/home/ragingbull.asp >>    | Markets << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home=
/markets >>  | Funds << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/funds >>  |   I=
PO << File: http://www.edgar-online.com/brand/quotecom/ipoexpress/ >>    | =
    Options << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/options >>        =09[IM=
AGE]=09

[IMAGE]=09[IMAGE] The Daily Quote=09[IMAGE] << File: 'http://ln.doubleclick=
.net/jump/quote.ln/f_newsletter;pos >> =09[IMAGE]=09
[IMAGE]=09=09Brought to you every morning as of 10 AM ET. Click on the MORE=
 link for the most current information.=09[IMAGE]=09

=09=09=09=09[IMAGE]=09=09=09=09
=09=09 =09=09    [IMAGE]  Markets     Index Last Change % Chg Dow10,723.95[=
IMAGE]147.67-1.35% << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/stocks/quotes.asp=
?symbols >> NASDAQ2,070.76[IMAGE]50.90-2.39% << File: http://finance.lycos.=
com/home/stocks/quotes.asp?symbols >> S?5001,227.07[IMAGE]14.53-1.17% << Fi=
le: http://finance.lycos.com/home/stocks/quotes.asp?symbols >> 30 Yr56.25[I=
MAGE]0.29-0.51% << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/stocks/quotes.asp?sy=
mbols >> Russell497.68[IMAGE]7.44-1.47%- - - - - << File: http://finance.ly=
cos.com/home/stocks/quotes.asp?symbols >> MORE << File: http://finance.lyco=
s.com/home/markets >>  [IMAGE][IMAGE]   Enter multiple symbols separated by=
 a space [IMAGE]    [IMAGE]=09 =09    [IMAGE]  Economic Calendar     Date R=
elease 06/14 Business Inventories 06/14 Core PPI 06/14 PPI 06/15 CPI 06/15 =
Core CPI - - - - - MORE << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/markets/brie=
f_calendar.asp >> [IMAGE] [IMAGE]    [IMAGE] [IMAGE]Qcharts << File: http:/=
/finance.lycos.com/home/qcharts/default.asp >> =09[IMAGE]=09
=09=09  =09  Quote of the Day   =09=09=09  In Boston they ask, ?How does he=
 know??  In New York, ?How much is he worth??  In Philadelphia, ?Who were h=
is parents??: Mark Twain   =09[IMAGE]=09
[IMAGE]=09    [IMAGE]  US Stocks Pct Gainers        As of 6/14/2001 12:25:1=
1 PM ET Symbol Last Change % Chg    [IMAGE] ENMC1.64[IMAGE]0.3426.15%[IMAGE=
] << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/stocks/quotes.asp?symbols >> ARSC2=
.52[IMAGE]0.6434.04%[IMAGE] << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/stocks/q=
uotes.asp?symbols >> CMI2.80[IMAGE]0.5021.73%[IMAGE] << File: http://financ=
e.lycos.com/home/stocks/quotes.asp?symbols >> PRFC23.81[IMAGE]4.0520.49%[IM=
AGE] << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/stocks/quotes.asp?symbols >> AP=
PS4.60[IMAGE]0.6616.75%[IMAGE] << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/stock=
s/quotes.asp?symbols >> ESTI2.66[IMAGE]0.3816.66%[IMAGE]NYSE & AMEX quotes =
delayed at least 20 min. At least 15 min. otherwise.- - - - -Personalize Th=
e Daily Quote: [IMAGE][IMAGE]Question of the Day! Q. Patrick Moran asks, "W=
hat is Stockholder of record on the day of the split? If I purchase stock t=
oday and the stock splits next week, will my stock split?"Let me start off =
by saying that nothing bad is going to happen if you buy a stock between th=
e announcement of a split and the split itself..... << File: http://finance=
.lycos.com/home/stocks/quotes.asp?symbols >> MORE << File: http://finance.l=
ycos.com/home/iec/archive.asp?no=3Dqa >> [IMAGE]  Do you have a financial q=
uestion? Ask our editor << File: mailto:educationcenter@quote.com >>   - - =
- - - VIEW Archive << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/iec/archive.asp >=
>  [IMAGE] [IMAGE]    [IMAGE]=09  =09=09=09=09[IMAGE]    [IMAGE]  Market Ou=
tlook    Dow -138, Nasdaq -45, S?-12.94: << File: /home/news/default.asp?fi=
le >>  As Of: Jun 14 2001 12:00PM ET  The market has found plenty to chew o=
n today; unfortunately, the tidbits of information have been predominantly =
negative... Among the adverse morsels of information have been earnings war=
nings from the likes of Ingram Micro (IM -0.98), Quantum Corp. (DSS -0.3.. =
 MORE << File: /home/news/default.asp?file >>  [IMAGE] - - - - - MORE Break=
ing News << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news >>  [IMAGE] [IMAGE]   =
 [IMAGE]=09[IMAGE]=09

 =09    [IMAGE]  Today's Feature - Thursday      Arbitrage Arbitrage is a t=
ricky business that involves some guesswork. But, if performed in conjuncti=
on with solid due diligence, it can pay off handsomely.  More << File: http=
://www.individualinvestor.lycos.com/article.asp?ID=3D21516 >>   [IMAGE]    =
[IMAGE]=09  =09    [IMAGE]  Stocks to Watch    As Of: Jun 14 2001 10:49AM E=
T Honeywell (HON) << File: /home/news/default.asp?file >>  39.00 -3.26: The=
 fact that the General Electric (GE 49.22 +1.37)/Honeywell merger is on the=
 ropes will not come as news to anyone. But this troubled deal is worth a l=
ook due to the statement it makes about broader policy issues -- that is th=
e reason, after all, that the Dow is taking a hit even though the stocks of=
 the two parties involved are moving in opposite directions. ..  MORE << Fi=
le: /home/news/default.asp?file >>  [IMAGE] As Of: Jun 14 2001  9:28AM ET M=
icromuse (MUSE) << File: /home/news/default.asp?file >>  35.25: Micromuse p=
rovides enterprise software solutions specializing in real-time fault manag=
ement and service assurance for the network. MUSE sold off 19% yesterday an=
d is down an additional $5 in the pre-market after the company made bearish=
 comments at two sell-side conferences. Despite a number of firms reiterati=
ng confidence in JunQ results, management presented a cautious outlook for =
the quarter. The environment has changed little from MarQ and continues to =
be tough. Some analysts are supporting the stock, but three firms downgrade=
d MUSE including Morgan Stanley which chopped the stock to Neutral from Str=
ong Buy citing reduced forward visibility and increased potential risk to n=
umbers. ..  MORE << File: /home/news/default.asp?file >>  [IMAGE] - - - - -=
 MORE Breaking News << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news >>  [IMAGE]=
 [IMAGE]    [IMAGE]=09[IMAGE]=09
 =09=09=09    [IMAGE]  Your Watch List News     ENMC  News Encore Medical C=
orporation Secures New Funding << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/=
story.asp?story=3D22529903 >>  PR Newswire: 06/13/2001 ENCORE MEDICAL CORP =
FILES FORM DEFA14A (NASDAQ:ENMCW) << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/ne=
ws/story.asp?story=3D22277719 >>  EDGAR Online: 05/25/2001 ENCORE MEDICAL C=
ORP FILES FORM 10-Q (NASDAQ:ENMCW) << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/n=
ews/story.asp?story=3D22071272 >>  EDGAR Online: 05/14/2001 - - - - - MORE =
<< File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/headlines.asp?symbols=3DNASDAQ:=
ENMC >> [IMAGE]  ARSC  News CIBER to acquire Aris in $31.4 million deal << =
File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/story.asp?story=3D22551208 >>  Reu=
ters: 06/14/2001 CIBER to Acquire Publicly Held Aris  Corporation; Consolid=
ate, Adds Services and United Kingdom Operations << File: http://finance.ly=
cos.com/home/news/story.asp?story=3D22550769 >>  BusinessWire: 06/14/2001 A=
RIS CORP/ FILES FORM 10-Q (NASDAQ:ARSC) << File: http://finance.lycos.com/h=
ome/news/story.asp?story=3D22100820 >>  EDGAR Online: 05/15/2001 - - - - - =
MORE << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/headlines.asp?symbols=3DNA=
SDAQ:ARSC >> [IMAGE]  CMI  News CMI CORP FILES FORM 10-Q (NYSE:CMI) << File=
: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/story.asp?story=3D22094020 >>  EDGAR O=
nline: 05/15/2001 CMI Reports First Quarter Revenues and Earnings << File: =
http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/story.asp?story=3D21810337 >>  PR Newswi=
re: 05/02/2001 CMI CORP FILES FORM DEF 14A (NYSE:CMI) << File: http://finan=
ce.lycos.com/home/news/story.asp?story=3D21748048 >>  EDGAR Online: 04/30/2=
001 - - - - - MORE << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/headlines.as=
p?symbols=3DNYSE:CMI >> [IMAGE]  PRFC  News PROMISTAR FINANCIAL CORP FILES =
FORM 425 (NASDAQ:PRFC) << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/story.as=
p?story=3D22556735 >>  EDGAR Online: 06/14/2001 F.N.B. to acquire Promistar=
 Financial in $427 mln deal << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/sto=
ry.asp?story=3D22553808 >>  Reuters: 06/14/2001 F.N.B. Corporation Invites =
You to Join Its Merger With Promistar Financial Corporation Conference Call=
 on the Web << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/story.asp?story=3D2=
2553501 >>  PR Newswire: 06/14/2001 - - - - - MORE << File: http://finance.=
lycos.com/home/news/headlines.asp?symbols=3DNASDAQ:PRFC >> [IMAGE]  APPS  N=
ews Appiant Technologies Receives One-Million Dollar Purchase Order From Ge=
nuTec to Tap Agent Market << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/story=
.asp?story=3D22424954 >>  BusinessWire: 06/06/2001 Appiant Technologies Eng=
ages UBS Warburg as Financial Advisor << File: http://finance.lycos.com/hom=
e/news/story.asp?story=3D22424945 >>  BusinessWire: 06/06/2001 Appiant Tech=
nologies Reports Second Quarter 2001 Financial Results << File: http://fina=
nce.lycos.com/home/news/story.asp?story=3D22024668 >>  BusinessWire: 05/10/=
2001 - - - - - MORE << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/headlines.a=
sp?symbols=3DNASDAQ:APPS >> [IMAGE]  ESTI  News ECLIPSE SURGICAL TECHNOLOGI=
ES INC FILES FORM 10-K/A (NASDAQ:ESTI) << File: http://finance.lycos.com/ho=
me/news/story.asp?story=3D22543370 >>  EDGAR Online: 06/13/2001 ECLIPSE SUR=
GICAL TECHNOLOGIES INC FILES FORM 10-Q/A (NASDAQ:ESTI) << File: http://fina=
nce.lycos.com/home/news/story.asp?story=3D22543319 >>  EDGAR Online: 06/13/=
2001 DIARY-U.S. FDA advisory meetings through July 20 << File: http://finan=
ce.lycos.com/home/news/story.asp?story=3D22332439 >>  Reuters: 05/30/2001 -=
 - - - - MORE << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/news/headlines.asp?sym=
bols=3DNASDAQ:ESTI >> [IMAGE]      [IMAGE]=09 =09

[IMAGE]
 =09=09  To unsubscribe from this newsletter, hit Go!   =09
 =09=09  or, send email to DailyQuoteUnsubscribe@news.quote.com << File: ma=
ilto:DailyQuoteUnsubscribe@news.quote.com?Subject=3DREMOVE&body=3DPlease Un=
subscribe me from the Newsletter >>  with REMOVE in the subject field.     =
Please be sure that you are sending it from jarnold@enron.com since you are=
 subscribed to jarnold@enron.com =09

=09 =09
[IMAGE]=09  =09
[IMAGE]Site Map << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/misc/sitemap.asp >> =
 | Help << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/about/cserv/default.asp >>  =
| Feedback << File: http://finance.lycos.com/home/about/cserv/writeus.asp >=
>  | About Terra Lycos << File: http://uscorp.terralycos.com/index.html >> =
 | Jobs << File: http://client.lycos.com/jobs/jobsearch.asp >>  | Advertise=
 << File: http://www.lycos.com/lycosinc/advertising.html >>  | Business Dev=
elopment << File: http://www.lycos.com/lycosinc/busdev/ >>   Copyright << F=
ile: http://www.lycos.com/lycosinc/legal.html#copy >>  ? 2001 Lycos, Inc. A=
ll Rights Reserved.  Lycos
 is a registered trademark of Carnegie Mellon University. Privacy Policy <<=
 File: http://www.lycos.com/privacy >>  - Terms & Conditions 

heard of it but not sure exactly what it is.

they guy that wrote the application Crystal Ball will teach my class
tomorrow.  have you used it?

here she is...
 

The deal got booked to Oil-NG-Hedge-Spec.  It should have been booked to IN-Upstream-St***.  That resulted in an error in my position as well.

have you taken any finance courses yet? what's good?

where did you get this info from?   

have not seen the generators who hedged before selling out.  mostly just seen calpine selling.

Two Energy Auctions in End Jan-Beg Feb:
In the last week, it has been announced that the CDWR (California
Department of Water Resources) will not honor the Bids resulting from the
two auctions held this year.  Out of the 31 contracts, only 8 have been
signed.  The other 23 are expected to either remain unsigned/uncontracted
or their terms (their prices) are expected to change since power prices
have decreased so much since the beginning of the year.

John- have we seen any selling in the 10 year curve to support the
above..all the people who bought in Jan and Feb selling out???

pooks if you get this call me

will you go to the prom with me?

the way i read it was the 30 something contract signed are good but ones under negotiation from there are either being renegotiated or talks terminated.

announcements came from DWR (who requested intial auction bids).. was a good week ago.. mike grisby should have more details,..makes sense as i heard a month ago that the deals were not finalized.

look at the DWR website  wwwdwr.water.ca.gov.. good info 
and they'll have copies of power contracts which i think fraser is getting

FERC meeting at 1.00 pm on soft caps.. we'll have a review..

where did you get this info from?   

have not seen the generators who hedged before selling out.  mostly just seen calpine selling.

Two Energy Auctions in End Jan-Beg Feb:
In the last week, it has been announced that the CDWR (California
Department of Water Resources) will not honor the Bids resulting from the
two auctions held this year.  Out of the 31 contracts, only 8 have been
signed.  The other 23 are expected to either remain unsigned/uncontracted
or their terms (their prices) are expected to change since power prices
have decreased so much since the beginning of the year.

John- have we seen any selling in the 10 year curve to support the
above..all the people who bought in Jan and Feb selling out???

	i cant commit ...i'm 50/50 so say no.  will send bat on next continental flight.  

i can't call, class just started.  i can email or instant message.

pooks if you get this call me

>  -----Original Message-----

 	it was fine this morn.   starting back up today

how's the breakdown going?

funner than provincetown???

it will be the funnest weekend of the year.  i'll send the bat back with
pictures

	i cant commit ...i'm 50/50 so say no.  will send bat on next
continental flight.

>  -----Original Message-----

lots of producer selling cal 2 and front strong so h/j still blowing out

hmmm.. will check with mike .. also the DWR contract summary should be out this afternoon.. fraser's group analyzing.

anything going on?  too early to short the mar/apr? 

no, they were just good sellers in the cals. irregardless of the rally in the front this morn, cal 4 didnt move

did you see that deal direct from BOA??

i thought i was joining you

I believe that I might be joining you in the nut house

 	it was fine this morn.   starting back up today

how's the breakdown going?

Because I am so kind:

Greg Trentham
165 Harding Rd
Glen Rock, NJ 07452

Jack Cogen
60 East End Ave #25A
NY, NY 10028

Brian Tracey
19 Heartstone Lane
Wilton, CT 06897

Brian Manolis
81 Forest Ave
Caldwell, NJ 07006

John -

Jeff asked me to get with you and see if you could be so kind to get me the following addresses:

Brian Tracey @ Spectron
Brian Manolis @ Paribas
Greg Trentham @ EDFMAN
Jack Cogen @ Natsource

Thank you,
Jennifer

maine impossible to get to...next option?

fill in
$ _____ per/share

what's my bid for what??
ps
don't no crap me.

no crap, what's your bid?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

break even on info ass-symetry is 100%, any project above that level is
profitable to Pooks&Co.

For extra credit....
If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more,
does your answer change?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

will you do all of my homework?

i'll pay a grand total of 0

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

 Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.

Acquiring a Company

     In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.

     The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.

     Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.

     As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?

     $______ per/share

thanks

John,

I just got news from the director of parking that you are one of the first ones to be able to receive a reserved parking spot in the new garage upon completion of the skyring.  You are looking at late summer before that happens.  I just wanted to give you a heads up.

Ina Rangel

Pooks, here's your chance to really turn some heads

U.S. Soccer and Philips Electronics Announce Nationwide Contest to Create the First Official Fan Chant for U.S. National Teams 
CHICAGO (Tuesday, June 19, 2001) - Philips Electronics and the United States Soccer Federation today announced a nationwide contest to create the first official fan chant for the U.S. National Men's and Women's Teams.  Designed to propel U.S. players to victory, the contest kicks off a long-term sponsorship deal between the electronics giant and U.S. Soccer.  In conjunction with its sponsorship deal, Philips' has announced a goal to increase the U.S. fan base significantly over the next five years. 
Fans can enter their original chant by visiting the U.S. Soccer website from now until August 15th, 2001.  Visitors to www.us-soccer.com will find entry forms, rule and complete contest details. 
The grand prize winner's chant will be selected by a panel of Philips and U.S. Soccer representatives and will debut at the October 7th World Cup Qualifier in Boston.  The winner will also be able to root for the U.S. Men's and Women's National Teams on his/her new Philips Home Theater system.  Two runners up will be awarded Philips DVD players. 
Continue: http://www.us-soccer.com/scripts/runisa.dll?M2:gp::15035+news/display+26492+E  
  
  ---
You are currently subscribed to ussoccerfan_tx as: jarnold@enron.com
To unsubscribe send a blank email to leave-ussoccerfan_tx-29451C@maillist.ussoccer.org 

94

Good Morning,

Just a reminder to get your AGA estimates in by Noon EST (11:00 CST) TODAY.

Last Year      +64
Last Week      +105

Thank You,
George Ellis
BNP PARIBAS Commodity Futures, Inc.

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
	----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for the addressees and are confidential. If you receive this message in error, please delete it and immediately notify the sender.

Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS (and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message if modified.

sun -9% in 6 days.   kid how????????

sun down 1%, vlo down 2.5%... good try pooks.  don't worry, you'll get me
next time.

interested in a night of pizza, wine, US soccer, and belize planning tonight?

Here is your two week notice for Belize...

I'm on Continental flight 1231, departing July 4 at 1:25 PM, seat 15D,
returning Sunday, July 8.  I hope you decide to take the later flight
out Saturday.

I talked to the hotel and they have rooms and a scuba instructor available
to dive with us.  Let me know your flights so that I can arrange the
air transfers between Belize City and Placencia and dive lessons through
the hotel.  I haven't booked it yet since they require a non-refundable
deposit.

Call me with any questions - or if you change your mind so that I can
make alternate plans.

Jen

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

	screw the english jersey.  just wear red

for tonight's game, i've got a manchester united jersey.  will people jeer
at me because it is english or because it looks like the trinidad jersey?

kid

	cost about 200,000-300,000

	our internal estimates were in the 102-106 range, so no.  i think pira overestimating the gas gen burn for the week.  problem is there is no real good burn for at least two weeks going forward.  we've dropped $1.5 in a couple months and havent picked up an mmbtu of demand.  that's a big problem

1- did the intern help or hurt you?
2- do u buy PIRA's suggestion a correction is looming?

at some point it has to or we're going to shut-in economics.  that may be the answer.

what makes you think demand is coming back?..have monitored permanent closures/off-shore moves

no, the opposite.  saying price drop hasnt brought us closer to equilibrium.  we absolutley cant continue this loss of demand, otherwise we end up at 3.2 and the industry doesnt want to /cant end up there.   thus you must pick up at least some demand.  price must keep dropping .   price dropped $1.5 and haven't gained any demand.  that's the scary thing.  how much does it have to drop before we do find it?

so you think we could pop on on the heels of increased demand because of low prices....assuming demand returned to normal how do you think there economic conditions will mitigate this.  

        cost about 200,000-300,000 

        our internal estimates were in the 102-106 range, so no.  i think pira overestimating the gas gen burn for the week.  problem is there is no real good burn for at least two weeks going forward.  we've dropped $1.5 in a couple months and havent picked up an mmbtu of demand.  that's a big problem

1- did the intern help or hurt you? 
2- do u buy PIRA's suggestion a correction is looming? 

economy starts looking better when energy costs fall 30-50%

the economic picture is not rosy. it's hard to see hoe we get the miracle recovery in q3 or even q4. Have you formed an opinion on this?

no, the opposite.  saying price drop hasnt brought us closer to equilibrium.  we absolutley cant continue this loss of demand, otherwise we end up at 3.2 and the industry doesnt want to /cant end up there.   thus you must pick up at least some demand.  price must keep dropping .   price dropped $1.5 and haven't gained any demand.  that's the scary thing.  how much does it have to drop before we do find it?

so you think we could pop on on the heels of increased demand because of low prices....assuming demand returned to normal how do you think there economic conditions will mitigate this.  

        cost about 200,000-300,000 

        our internal estimates were in the 102-106 range, so no.  i think pira overestimating the gas gen burn for the week.  problem is there is no real good burn for at least two weeks going forward.  we've dropped $1.5 in a couple months and havent picked up an mmbtu of demand.  that's a big problem

1- did the intern help or hurt you? 
2- do u buy PIRA's suggestion a correction is looming? 

Prompt month vol is moving from 60% to 40% cob today...should increase capacity for front month by 50% for anybody who wants them.

and your offer?

1.99999999999999999999999999999999999

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

wanna get toasted tonight?

	i guarantee it.

	you're not still pulling that leg thing, are you.  we don't work out again until wednesday.

will it make my leg feel better?

wanna get toasted tonight?

	i'm going to run to needless markup real fast.  that have a big sale starting today.  if you don''t want to go, i'll pick you up after...

oh yeah, I can quit faking it.  So, what is the plan?

	i guarantee it.

	you're not still pulling that leg thing, are you.  we don't work out again until wednesday.

will it make my leg feel better?

wanna get toasted tonight?

	3 minutes

in the galleria?  I need to pick up a dress at saks.  when are you going?

	i'm going to run to needless markup real fast.  that have a big sale starting today.  if you don''t want to go, i'll pick you up after...

oh yeah, I can quit faking it.  So, what is the plan?

	i guarantee it.

	you're not still pulling that leg thing, are you.  we don't work out again until wednesday.

will it make my leg feel better?

wanna get toasted tonight?

let me think about it for a day

John,

These are the following people that are eating daily lunches, that I'm sure can get away from their desk:

Fundamentals group under Chris Gaskill (18 people)
IT group under Colin Tonks (13 people)
Weather group (9 people)

The follwoing people are being charged directly to your cost center:
Amy Cavazos
Bharat Khanna
Bilal Bajwa
Elizabet Soto
Errol McLaughlin
Frnak Hayden
George Huan
Greg Couch
Joey Taylor
Kori Loibl
Laura Vargas
Luchas Johnson
Sean Riordan
Sherry Dawson

I am going to let all of these people know that beginning 7/1/01 the daily lunches will go back to being for the traders only due to cost and time.
 
Let me know if your okay with this.
Ina Rangel

chris:
can you give access to the fundies site to margaret allen 3-9056
thanks,
john

http://fundamentals.corp.enron.com/main.asp

	what????   	where is that?

I assume you no longer plan to come to Belize, but in case you might
be wavering, I've made slightly different plans.  I'm going to San Pedro/Ambergris
Caye where there is more activity (http://ambergriscaye.com/).  And if
you want to come but are hesitant because of me, then don't be.   I would
simply enjoy your company diving.

And if you are definately not coming, then you owe me a birthday dinner
before I leave :)

Jen

___________________________________________________________________
To get your own FREE ZDNet Onebox - FREE voicemail, email, and fax,
all in one place - sign up today at http://www.zdnetonebox.com

EB3221D
3 3230

Please send me your current location AND extension so you may receive your SURPRISE!

i have no interest.

John,
 
Below  may interest you. If not, who'd be best to talk to at Enron?
 
Thanks,
 
Enzo
510-302-6767
ReliantEnergy, DukeEnergy, Entergy-Kochand many othertrading  firms claim to miss outon 75-80% of the arbitrage trading opportunities. We're areextensivelyworking with them tohelp spot those  lucrative spreads.
iSpheres provides  enabling software for deploying meta applications around composite event  management. We are working to enableevent management for traders. Enabling  traders to define composite events around online marketplaces,  weather, generation, transmission, and other information. The  issue weaddressis enabling traders to synthesize all the  information and detect what is actionable. Huge opportunity and payback.  
I'd loveto discussour capabilities,understand what problems types you are  working on, and where we might be of value.I'dlike  to arrange a 30 minute  introductory conference callwith you and  other appropriate folks at Enron.
I have attached an Energy Use Case.
Thanks,
H. Enzo Olfati
Account  Manager
iSpheres Corporation
T (510)  302-6767
 - Energy_Use Case.doc << File: Energy_Use Case.doc >> 

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you $1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?  what you charge me play against you?)

quickly running out of places to put gas.      at least appetite to put gas in storage at same rate.  need some supply/demand dynamics to change else price $3 is no resistance
are we going below 3 any time soon

how is subscription rate going for EOL versus our expectations?

 

Louise Kitchen/John Lavorato have requested that each of you prepare a brief one page summary highlighting your accomplishments for this review period by end of day Friday, June 29, 2001.  

You may use the PEP system and do a self-evaluation (let me know if you need assistance w/this) or send me an email bullet pointing your accomplishments.  If you have already done a self-eval, you do not need to respond to this email.  HR is compiling the information for OOTC and I appreciate your assistance/timely response.  I apologize for the quick turn around-just got the request myself.

Please call or email w/any questions.  Thanks.

  

	sure, send it over.   as the investing contrarian i am, if everybody else is getting out of late-stage vc, i'll take a look.

John -

I realize you don't have "fresh money" now, but if you happen to come across
fresh money in the next month, I want you to be aware of a new crossover
fund.  The fund seeks to invest up to 50% (may exceed 50% under certain
circumstances) of the portfolio into late-stage venture capital companies
through relationships that Putnam and Thomas H. Lee Partners (great name in
private equity) have with various participants in the capital markets.  The
remainder of the fund will be in small- and mid-sized publicly traded
companies managed by Putnam's Specialty Growth team.

Let me know if you're interested, and I'll send a kit over.  So far, nice
trade on the ENE GJs.

> Michael Gapinski
> Account Vice President
> Emery Financial Group
> UBS PaineWebber, Inc.
> 713-654-0365
> 800-553-3119 x365
> Fax: 713-654-1281
> Cell: 281-435-0295
michael.gapinski@ubspainewebber.com

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
UBS PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by UBS PaineWebber and
UBS PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
UBS PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

	i don't have a problem with that.  The 3 factors I ask in releasing info are:

	1. Do customers even know the info is available or useful?
	2. Is the info publicly available?
	3. Is the info easily obtainable?

	In this case, the answer is yes to all three, so I don't care.  If the answer is no to one or more of the above, a judgment call has to be made.

John--

      I am a summer analyst working with Laura Luce in the central gas desk.
      We are trying to assemble a client-based website which will be used to provide assorted information material to the natrual gas industry to specifically targeted Enron clients.  In so doing, we are trying to gather as much information as possible without crossing lines of propriety.  One of the issues which has come up recently is whether we would be allowed to post next month and/or year-out volatility data.  The data would be posted to a password protected site, but it would be on the extranet.  Chris Gaskill, who is generally our local authority on issues of propriety has suggested that this would ultimately be your decision.  Any comments on the propriety of exposing these volatility curves would be greatly appreciated.  Thank you for your time.

Phil

Hey:
Haven't spoken to you in a while.  Let's get a drink sometime soon.   I'm taking a week and a half off starting July 4 but after that, maybe we can go a Astros game.

Congrats on Connor.  Hope everything is well.

909 Texas Ave #1812
Houston, TX 77002

Hey!!!  My wife Beth delivered a beautiful baby boy- Connor McIntosh.
Please send me  your address so that I can send out a birth announcement.
Thanks,  Marc

 - winmail.dat << File: winmail.dat >> 

Dave:
Would like to sit down sometime and look at most current work on auto trader.
Any time today?  I'm not trading today so I'm free anytime.  

talk to john griffith right now.   in the future (month or so) it'll be andy zipper.

We, at the weather desk, are designing a product that pays with gas-price exposure (HDD products that pay in financial equivalents to MMBtus). The solution for this product requires the trading in gas and in weather.

We are in a point to establish the real dynamic of trading, which products to trade. We would like to have some input. To whom should we talk to have this guidance?

Thanks for the help,

Claudio Ribeiro

	what's you're new phone # ?

 

Kim:
Are John's tix available for the following games:

July 16 or 17  	Cleveland	
Sep 11,12 or 13	San Francisco
Sep 23		Chicago

Thanks,
John

no crap, what's your bid?

break even on info ass-symetry is 100%, any project above that level is
profitable to Pooks&Co.

For extra credit....
If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more,
does your answer change?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

will you do all of my homework?

i'll pay a grand total of 0

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

 Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.

Acquiring a Company

     In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.

     The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.

     Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.

     As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?

     $______ per/share

Kim:
Can I get Mark's on the Jul 17 and John's on Sep 13 and 23?
Thanks,
John

I don't have July tickets until 7/19 however Mark Frevert's tickets are available on 7/17 - do you want them?

September 11, 12, 13 and 23 are all available.

Let me know what you want and send someone up.

k
Kim:
Are John's tix available for the following games:

July 16 or 17  	Cleveland	
Sep 11,12 or 13	San Francisco
Sep 23		Chicago

Thanks,
John

just calling to see if you have anything ingenious to say about this market.  i've covered most of the shorts starting 3.40 all the way down.  agree market probably not at equilibrium just dont really want to press it right now.  the easy money's been made.  want to have a few bullets just in case hot weather or storm takes this thing up to $3.50.  selling some upside calls just in case that never happens i'll still make money.  been an incredible run so far.  have half a mind to pack things up and go on vacation for the rest of year.  however, i'm just doing it for a week and a half starting tomorrow.  will talk to you when i get back and we'll figure out what to do then.

on  vacation my man. but will be on cell phone and email all week. work is  212-836-5030
cell-917-374-6760(if i dont pick up lv a message).  still short jsut wondering how much bouncing around i have to take until we get  to 2.50 or less. certainly the r/r changing a little as we fall but upside like  to be more limited as shorts cover and inventories build. 
   hows ogoing there? whats on your mind.  feel free to call cell this week

he's going to start trading a cross commodity vol book.   concentrate mainly on gas and power.  maybe some weather and products.  identifying any high risk/reward longer term vol trades we should be doing.  

he'll be sitting with and reporting to me

is he sitting beside you or on the power floor
he's going to start trading a cross commodity vol book.   concentrate mainly on gas and power.  maybe some weather and products.  identifying any high risk/reward longer term vol trades we should be doing.  

director

good is he a vp or a director?
he'll be sitting with and reporting to me

is he sitting beside you or on the power floor
he's going to start trading a cross commodity vol book.   concentrate mainly on gas and power.  maybe some weather and products.  identifying any high risk/reward longer term vol trades we should be doing.  

it's going to take complete rejection of phys molecules to get solidly under $3.  i expect some really good chop for 2 weeks.  have enough people waiting for sub $3 to buy back all their shorts...don't think it's that easy from here,.

i saw the 2.995 this am was it muc volume? when are we going back there
he'll be sitting with and reporting to me

is he sitting beside you or on the power floor
he's going to start trading a cross commodity vol book.   concentrate mainly on gas and power.  maybe some weather and products.  identifying any high risk/reward longer term vol trades we should be doing.  

puts i assume.   for what months?

i bought the 3.50, 3.25 and 3.00 when it was at 4.44 -- i followed your advice thanks
it's going to take complete rejection of phys molecules to get solidly under $3.  i expect some really good chop for 2 weeks.  have enough people waiting for sub $3 to buy back all their shorts...don't think it's that easy from here,.

i saw the 2.995 this am was it muc volume? when are we going back there
he'll be sitting with and reporting to me

is he sitting beside you or on the power floor
he's going to start trading a cross commodity vol book.   concentrate mainly on gas and power.  maybe some weather and products.  identifying any high risk/reward longer term vol trades we should be doing.  

take-out, wine, and movie?

yes

is this a test?

take-out, wine, and movie?

how bout i bring it?

hmmmmm, I pick wine.  

yes

is this a test?

take-out, wine, and movie?

i need significant lead time to prepare for boots day.  please advise earlier next time.

I'll be here until tomorrow afternoon, then off to Waco to see my mom.  I just got back to my desk after being in meetings all day.  Who knows how long I'll be here tonight and I have a shit load of work to do tomorrow.  Why do I work here again?

What's up with you?  I bought some guest to your floor today but you weren't around.  And I have on boots with curly hair.

Take care, MSA

Oh, let's chat about Guggenheim next week.  Are you going on the 17th too?

you in town this weekend?

<Embedded StdOleLink>

how about you get the food

ok - my house is kind of a mess - had a leak in my shower and it messed up my ceiling in my den.  Had to get plumber, now need a contractor, and the stock price to rise so I can pay for it.

what am I suppose to bring?

how bout i bring it?

hmmmmm, I pick wine.  

yes

is this a test?

take-out, wine, and movie?

i'll get the movie and wine.  my suggestion is something from central market but i'm easy

what ya want?  who gets the movie?

how about you get the food

ok - my house is kind of a mess - had a leak in my shower and it messed up my ceiling in my den.  Had to get plumber, now need a contractor, and the stock price to rise so I can pay for it.

what am I suppose to bring?

how bout i bring it?

hmmmmm, I pick wine.  

yes

is this a test?

take-out, wine, and movie?

John:
Here is my analysis of my guys:
Mike Maggi (2) : P@L for first half a bit misleading.  Up till today, he ha=
s run and taken the P&L for 7 days.  3 days were in the first half of the y=
ear and 4 in July so far.  Running EOL is a law of averages...some days you=
 get killed some you do well.  The second day he got massacred: T boone sol=
d 3000 contracts as well as the floor selling on an illiquid day followed b=
y gap down the next day.  P&L for that day was -$7.  the four days in july =
have been really good, probably +$6-7.  So I look at his P&L for the first =
half of the year as Jan 1-Jul 6.  That P&L of $15 is around my expectations=
.  runs low var.  pretty good at running EOL when I'm not there.  A little =
too reactionary but hopefully more experience will help.  makes most money =
in market making, probably slighlty negative in greeks and negative in curv=
e shift.  Would like for him to turn both of those positive.  A bit hadicap=
ped because present format doesnt allow him to fully get physical info.  Re=
quired to spend all time in front of computer.  needs to develop John Griff=
ith to allow him to get off the desk more.  good contrarian trader.  often =
has opposite position of floor.  willing to stop out and is nimble.  needs =
to take more of a macro view of vol rather than ending up with everybody' e=
lses positions.  Vital for me to have him as a bbackup right now.  Cannot f=
unction without one of us on the desk. =20
Computer causing problems.  will email with other guys later.

any chance you can go to the game tonight?  i've got the good ones..

interest in diamonds tonight?

anybody want four good tix to tonight's baseball game

[Arnold, John]  jarnold@enron.com 
Panel height:	65"
Panel fabric:	Blue patterns
Panel trim:	Ligh Blue
Surface Lam:	Light Gray Speckle
Pedestals:	Light Blue
Station size:	6' X 6'
Componentry:	Corner surface surfaces, BBF pedestals, overhead bins, lighting
Power:		yes down Spline
Quantity avail:	16 + stations
Price:		$995.00 per station
		Plus delivery & Installation

********* HAWORTH UNIGROUP POWERBASE ********

Panel height:	44"
Panel fabric:	Gray/Beige mix (Very Nice!)
Panel trim:	Beige
Surface Lam:	Beige
Pedestals:	Beige
Station size:	5' telemarketing stations
Componentry:	60" X 30" surface with BBF pedestal
Power:		NON
Quantity avail:	10 + stations
Price:		$495.00 per station
		Plus delivery & Installation
Photos:	http://www.cubesrus.com/new/haworth.shtml

********* ACME WORKSTATIONS *************

SPECIAL OFFER!!!!!!

Panel heights:	53" & 65"
Panel fabric:	Mauve
Panel trim:	Light Gray
Surface Lam:	Medium Gray
Pedestals:	Light Gray
Station size:	6' X 6' / 6' X 7' / 6' X 8'
Componentry:	"L" shaped surfaces, BBF pedestals, shelves, task lighting
Power:		yes down Spline
Quantity avail:	40+ stations
Price:		$770.00 per station
		Plus delivery & Installation
Photos:	http://www.cubesrus.com/new/acmewst.shtml

********* HON CONCENSYS WORKSTATIONS ********

Panel height:	62"
Panel fabric:	Gray/Beige mix (very Nice!)
Panel trim:	Black
Surface Lam:	Maple
Pedestals:	Black
Station size:	6' X 7' in pod of (4) & 6' X 6' in pod of (4)
Componentry:	Corner surface, BBF pedestals, Shelf
Power:		yes down Spline
Quantity avail:	(8) stations
Price:		$650.00 per station
		Plus delivery & Installation

Photos:	http://www.cubesrus.com/new/Hon_concensys.shtml

+++++++++ LATERAL FILES ++++++++++++

3, 4, & 5 drawer laterals
Widths are 30", 36" & 42"
Colors: light gray Putty
This week's price is at $195.00 - $395.00 per unit Plus delivery

++++++++++ SEATING +++++++++++++++

Manufacturer:		Sit-On-it
Fabric color:		Black
Arms:			Lopped (non adjustable)
Pneumatic lift:		Yes
Back Adjustment:	Yes
Condition:		Very good
Quantity available:	65+
Price each:		$65.00 + delivery

Photos:			http://www.cubesrus.com/new/sitonit.shtml

++++++++ HERMAN MILLER SEATING ++++++++++++++

Totally remanufactured Herman Miller
ERGON & EQUA seating
Pneumatic lift, adjustable arms available
In the Fabric of you choice
Pricing depends on quantity

++++++++++ CONFERENCE TABLES ++++++++++++++++

28' X 5' beautiful conference table
4 sections, 3 drum bases
Price:	$8,500.00 + delivery & set up
Photos: http://www.cubesrus.com/new/28conf_table.shtml

Also Available
==============
(1) 12' X 4' racetrack wood veneer walnut @ $1,100.00
(1) 14' X 4' racetrack laminate mahogany @$550.00 (with matching 6' credenza)

=====================================
ALL OFFERINGS SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE
=====================================

Call us for your workstation, filing and seating needs.
We provide as-is and refurbished workstations by Steelcase,
Herman Miller, Haworth, Knoll and more.

=================================================
WE PURCHASE WORKSTATIONS, FILING, SEATING & DESKS
=================================================

************TRADE SHOW REMINDER*************

Managing the Real estate Game
July 26 - 28, 2001
Vancouver, BC Canada
Http://www.ifma.org

28th Annual NACORE Exposition
Sept. 22 - 25, 2001
Nashville, TN
Http://www.nacore.com

IFMA`s World Workplace
Sept. 23 -25, 2001
Kansas City, MO
http://www.ifma.org

NeoCon New York
October 31 - November 1, 2001
New York City, NY
http://www.merchandisemart.com/neoconeast/

NeoCon West
November 29-30, 2001
Los Angles, CA
http://www.merchandisemart.com/neoconwest/

********** USEFUL SITES **********

Today's Facility Manager
http://www.tfmgr.com

Association Higher Education Facilities Officers
http://www.appa.org

Business Facilities
http://www.busfac.com

Facilities Design
http://www.fdm.com

Intl Facility Mgmt Assoc
http://www.ifma.org

Facilities Resource Mgmt
http://www.frmcorp.com

FM Datacom
http://www.fmdata.com

Facilities Exchange
http://www.fmlink.com

Facilities Pro Resource
http://www.facilitiesnet.com

Facilities Engineering
http://www.afe.org

International Society of Facilities Executives
http://www.isfe.org

Facilities Source
http://www.FMsource.com

International Development Council
http://www.idrc.org/

===================================
        Aron Groner
      cubicles.com
    - a division of -
Office Assets Management, Inc.
    http://www.cubicles.com
 38 W. 38th Street, 4th Floor
    New York, NY 10018
e-mail: ag@cubicles.com
PH: 212-764-9027 Fax: 212-764-5105
===================================
           ooO   Ooo

To be removed from these monthly specials e-mailers please send a e-mail
to removeme@cubicles.com with your name, address, company name and the
exact e-mail address this message was sent to. If you desire removal
allow us to extend our sincere apologies for any inconvenience your
receiving this message may have caused.

1.  Did API's indicate that there may have been switching from resid back to gas?

2.  Did the 2 crude traders that left quit or get fired?

Under new rules instituted this year by Commissioner Bud Selig, an umpire can automatically eject a pitcher if he believes he's throwing at a batter. He does not have to issue a warning before an ejection. 
Fletcher did not warn Mann for hitting Gonzalez or Cordova. 
"The umpire said Bartolo threw the ball at his head and that's an automatic ejection," said Manuel. "But the ball missed his head by three feet. It tipped off his bat." 
Colon said he wasn't trying to hit Servais. 
"I will protect my teammates," said Colon, speaking through bullpen coach/interpreter Luis Isaac. "I can hit anyone I want at any time. That's why I feel bad. I wasn't trying to hit him. The ball slipped." 
Fryman defended his pitcher. 
"At no point, do I approve of throwing at someone's head," said Fryman. "But that pitch did not surprise anyone in the ballpark. Bartolo should not have been ejected. There should have been an immediate warning to each bench. 

i took a week and a half off during the same time that Bo Collins of EL Paso left so naturally I am going to El paso.  I'm not going anywhere unfortunately.  I'm in for July 31 if you've got them

It would mean divorce court.  I went last night.  But I have got them for 31 July, if we you would like to schedule in advance.  Thanks for the invite but I will have to pass on this one.  By the way, there are all sorts of rumors about you and where you will be working.

regards,

Paul

any chance you can go to the game tonight?  i've got the good ones..

David:
Do you have a simulation set up that will allow me to simulate trades by pushing a buy or sell button and will move the two way so i can try simulating actual market cicumstances?

John,

You might recall we spoke a few weeks ago about a system with more intelligence for out-of-hours trading than just leaving the products on Last Trade is Mid.

Attached is a suggestion for how such a system might work. It builds on Offset to Last Trade functionality.

The simplified description is: It tracks two variables: Intensity(Speed) and Bias (Buy or Sell emphasis).  As Intensity increases, the Spread increases. As Bias increases, the Offset increases.

I'll call later to see what you think of the idea.

Dave

 

Program Criteria

The formula which defines the trading decision-making program will need to work with several criteria/inputs/definitions. These might be:

Intensity (Speed) - The average time between transaction attempts, regardless of whether they are buys or sells. Measured as a moving average over the last [Intensity Factor] transactions by comparing the timestamp of the transaction Tibco messages for the Product.
Obviously, the lower the Intensity calculation, the higher the transaction flow. Therefore a high Intensity number indicates low transaction flow.
Intensity Factor - The number of transactions to be included in the moving average Intensity calculation. A possible value for this might be [4].
#Buys - The number of Buys which have occurred.
#Sells - The number of Sells which have occured.
Transaction Count - Could be either #Buys or #Sells (whichever last occured).}
Buy Offset - The Offset value which will be applied if a Buy occurs.
Sell Offset - The Offset value which will be applied if a Sell occurs.
Offset Reversion Ratio (ORR)- The amount by which the Buy Offset should be reduced if a Sell occurs (or amount Sell Offset should be reduced if a Buy occurs). A possible value for this might be [0.3]. If the application of the ORR results in a reduction of less than 1, then the reduction shall be 1.
Transaction Reversion Ratio (TRR)- The amount by which #Buys should be reduced if a Sell occurs (or amount #Sells should be reduced if a Buy occurs). A possible value for this might be [0.3]. If the application of the TRR results in a reduction of less than 1, then the reduction shall be equal to 1.
Spread Minimum - The minimum Spread value allowed. A possible value for this might be [0.04]
Spread Maximum - The maximum Spread value allowed. A possible value for this might be [0.50]
Offset Minimum - The minimum Offset allowed for both Buys and Sells. A possible value for this might be [0].
Offset Maximum -The maximum offset allowed for both Buys and Sells. A possible value for this might be [0.50]
Initial Offset - The Buy and Sell Offset used when the program is started
Initial Spread - The Spread used when the program is started
Spread-Offset Minimum - The minimum amount by which Spread must exceed Offset. Prevents a possible arbitrage opportunity for the customer. A possible value for this might be [0.01]
Dead Interval - The period of time which must pass before the program will recalculate the above Criteria, if no transactions have taken place during the Dead Interval. A possible value for this might be [240] seconds.

Program Outputs

The program should output the following variables as a result of combining the above Criteria in a user-defined Formula:

Spread (integer) - as per current Stack Manager
Offset (integer) - as per current Stack Manager
Suspension (boolean) - Whether or not the Product should be suspended. Normally "False"

Program Interface and Operation Principles

The user should be provided with a GUI which will allow them to define a relationship among the above Criteria, which will produce and apply the Outputs to a particular Product. This relationship would be defined with Intensity Formulas and Transaction Formulas. 

Every time a Transaction occurs, or a Dead Interval passes, the Criteria will be recalculated and the user-defined formulas will be reviewed by the program. If a Dead Interval passes without any transactions taking place, then Intensity = Intensity +240 and #Buys=#Buys-TRR and #Sells=#Sells-TRR and Buy Offset = Buy Offset- ORR and Sell Offset = Sell Offset - ORR. 

If the user-defined Formulas (see following) indicate that a change in spread should occur, then if the Offset is zero (in the case of a trade occurring) or if no trade has occured (during the passing of a Dead Interval), the system shall perform a Last Trade is Mid calculation around the last transaction, adjusting the buy and sell prices according to the new Spread value.

Any adjustment to the Spread shall respect the Spread-Offset Minimum. If a reduction in the Spread should violate the Spread-Offset Minimum, then the Buy Offset (or Sell Offset, or both as appropriate) shall be reduced accordingly. Similarly, if the Offset is increased by a Transaction Formula to a level greater than the Spread, the Spread shall be increased to maintain the Spread-Offset Minimum.

GUI/Formulas Example:

Constants
Intensity Factor: [4]
Dead Interval: [240]
Offset Reversion Ratio (ORR): [0.3]
Transaction Reversion Ratio (TRR): [0.3]
Spread Minimum [0.04]
Spread Maximum [0.50]
Offset Minimum [0]
Offset Maximum [0.49]
Spread-Offset Minimum [0.01]

		       INPUTS		         OUTPUTS
Intensity Formula
Formula #	Intensity			Spread	Offset  Suspension
S1		>220			-0.01	n/a	F
S2		<30			+0.01	n/a	F
S3		<10			+0.02	n/a	F

Transaction Formula
Formula #	# Transactions		Spread	Offset  Suspension
V1		<4			n/a	-0.01	F
V2		>3			n/a	+0.01	F
V3		>5			+0.01	+0.02	F
V4		>10			+0.02	+0.04	F
V5		>15			+0.04	+0.15	F
V6		>20			n/a	n/a	T
				
Note that #Transactions would be #Buys or #Sells, as appropriate. Note also that #Buys and #Sells are not intended to be an absolute count, but rather are a moving measure of the number of buys or sells which have recently occured.

In this example, all Constants and Formulae are editable by the user through the GUI.

Simulation

Obviously, if we want to proceed, we will want to conduct several simulations to prove concepts and evaluate responsiveness. However, to give some idea of how the above might work when a market starts to run in a particular direction, please see the attached:

 

Additional Features

System Notifications

There should be two kinds of notifications for the Robotrader, which will be similar to Stack Manager Garbage Checks: Warning and Failure levels for both Offset and Price. The warning levels will trigger a pager message. The Failure levels will trigger a pager message and the product will be automatically suspended. The Price checks will be against prices input by the trader (not relative price movements, but actual price). There should be both maximum and minimum price checks (e.g. gas is trading at $5.50. The notification levels could be $8 at the top end and $2 at the bottom end). Offset checks will only be against a maximum value.

Dave

I have no good thoughts about the market.  everybody wants it to go down to 2.80 so I covered my short at 310-5.  cash very strong at these lower levels with some gen load.  should act to flatten curve as good producer selling in back.  playing range and selling vol.  think aga may surprise lower than expectations.  

1-willtakeacloserlookandlet you know
2- helped out-resigned but were led in that direction.
3-what do you think today and through next wednesday?
1.  Did API's indicate that there may have been switching from resid back to gas?

2.  Did the 2 crude traders that left quit or get fired?

had phone problems ...lost my charger.  It was good.  I may be the most influential in the world of finance in the past 50 years

tried to call you a couple times to see how your whirlwind tour of WACC, M&M
and capital structure went.

wc

those certainly were the good ole days.  

Do you remember the time when Bo sold us 500 F's before the open?  I was just reminiscing about the good old days.......

i really have no idea.  probably lower just becasue of the trend and overwhelming bearish view of the market.  

If we are going on a family vacation this year, we need to start planning.
Now it may be that we all have over expended this year, me on the kitchen,
MBA on the house, JDA on the furniture is has bought, is buying or will
but, and we may only be able to go to the Woodlands, Fredericksburg, or
someplace.  Anyway, we need to do some planning or we will be out of luck.
August is looking bad for me.  September?  Love, Your Mom

what happened to you last night?  couldnt get ahold of you on your cell.

flat.  i had  my lowest var in over a year this morning

are u short again opr still flat to long?

If we are going on a family vacation this year, we need to start planning.
Now it may be that we all have over expended this year, me on the kitchen,
MBA on the house, JDA on the furniture is has bought, is buying or will
but, and we may only be able to go to the Woodlands, Fredericksburg, or
someplace.  Anyway, we need to do some planning or we will be out of luck.
August is looking bad for me.  September?  Love, Your Mom

http://www.phillymag.com/Archives/2001June/prodigy.html

***************************************************************
Confidentiality note: This e-mail contains information from the
GFI Group Inc. and/or its affiliates, including GFInet inc.,
that is confidential and/or legally privileged.   This
information is intended only for the use of the individual or
entity named on this e-mail.  This e-mail and its content may
not be reproduced or retransmitted without the express written
permission of The GFI Group.
***************************************************************

Kim:
I will not be at the may 18 management mtg as I will be in NY on business.

that's fine.  the later the better but definitely after 2:30

Margaret Allen would like to set up a meeting with you to discuss the Corp. Marketing Initiative on Wednesday, July 25.  We have an outside agency coming in to do an audit and your opinions are extremely important in the success of this project.  The meeting will last approximately 30 minutes.  If you see where you can be in attendance, please forward me the time of your choice between 9am and 3pm.  We will also be sending you a brief via email that is going to cover topics of the discussion.  Your participation is greatly appreciated.  Thank you

I'm big seller of interventions.  they tend not to work.  if the gas market wants to go lower, enron coming out and buying 10,000 contracts is not going to stop the market from going down.  maybe in the short term, but that's it.  same with currencies.  ECB can come out and transfer some of its foreign reserves from dollars to Euros, but they are limited by their currency reserves unless they want to act in the futures market at which point they have to exit that position at some point.  i think it is more psychological than anything.  i think overall market interventions have been extremely ineffective.

Here is a bio on my Business, Gov't & Int'l Economy prof.  He gave a
presentation on the stuff he did for the European Central Bank the other
day.  He reviewed why historically everyone looks to germany (i.e. Bubba) as
a proxy for determining monetary policy in Europe.  Moreover, he explained
why exchange rates were the focal point in determining monetary policy in
Germany.  With the new ECB, the bank heads are explicitly trying to remove
public focus on exchange rates.  However, this effort may have led to the
belief by the financial community that the ECB does not care about/ will not
defend the euro.  He then stated that this is not true.  So, I'm thinking
that downside is limited.  The performance of the euro has not gone
unnoticed, especially given the critical EU goal of 2% inflation p.a.

ep

Bio:
Huw Pill is an Assistant Professor of Business Administration at the
Graduate School of Business Administration, Harvard University, where he
teaches the first year required MBA course Business, Government and the
International Economy.
Having attended University College, he received an undergraduate degree in
Politics, Philosophy and Economics from the University of Oxford in 1989. He
received his doctorate from the Department of Economics at Stanford
University in June 1995.
From July 1998 until January 2001, Professor Pill was on leave from Harvard
working at the European Central Bank in Frankfurt, where he was Head of the
Strategic Policy Issues in the Bank's Directorate Monetary Policy. Prior to
his appointment to the Harvard faculty in July 1995, Professor Pill worked
in London as an economist in the Monetary and Exchange Rate Policy Group of
the Bank of England's Economics Division (1990-92). He has also worked at
the International Monetary Fund in Washington, DC (1994, 1995).

Professor Pill's current research has two dimensions. On the one hand, he is
investigating the formulation and conduct of monetary policy in advanced
economies, with a focus on the implementation of the single monetary policy
in the euro area. On the other hand, he is studying the role of financial
liberalization and innovation on macroeconomic fluctuations. The latter
project focuses on the interaction between international capital flows,
exchange rate management, structural economic reforms (especially in the
financial sector) and macroeconomic performance in a variety of countries,
including the United Kingdom, Indonesia and Mexico. The results of this
research have been published in various professional journals and edited
volumes.

remind me of that bet again

what do you think the chance is that you come up with the us open tickets you owe me for my bet?

me thinks the currency market has seen enough failed interventions that it shrugs off any intervention and may view it as a sign of weakness.  me also thinks that until foreigners quit plowing all their money into the US the dollar should remain fairly strong.  however, if all the hedge funds are short which i assume they would be, the turnaround will be very quick.

i took macroecon also.  i'm not a proponent of open market interventions.  i
am merely saying that its on the ecb radar screen and that measures will be
taken to remedy a weak euro.  further, everything is psychological, a
signalling effect to move the market up is fine by me.  i think overall YOU
have been extremely ineffective (just kidding, pooks).

I'm big seller of interventions.  they tend not to work.  if the gas
market wants to go lower, enron coming out and buying 10,000 contracts
is not going to stop the market from going down.  maybe in the short
term, but that's it.  same with currencies.  ECB can come out and
transfer some of its foreign reserves from dollars to Euros, but they
are limited by their currency reserves unless they want to act in the
futures market at which point they have to exit that position at some
point.  i think it is more psychological than anything.  i think overall
market interventions have been extremely ineffective.

>  -----Original Message-----

how about your local bank??

exactly.  i want to change my cash dollars to  euro.  
 - winmail.dat << File: winmail.dat >> 

selective memory maybe

How easily we forget - 

remind me of that bet again

what do you think the chance is that you come up with the us open tickets you owe me for my bet?

if you're around stop by around 500-515 today to talk about all this stuff

Errol,
Is it possible for me to get a report of option positions broken out by greeks and strike concentration?  Also, I would like to know if it is possible for you to give me the financial desk's average gamma exposure over the last 6 months.  Trying to get "handle" on typical exposures?

Thanks,
Frank

Appreciate the offer but I won't be able to get out of work,

do you or any one of your colleagues at the mighty Enron want to join us at
our annual golf outing in Myrtle Beach.  You pay the air, we've got the
rest.
Only 4 rules:
	no cologne
	no top button buttoned on the golf shirt
	not permitted to break 100
	no cameras
reminder:
	Friday June 1		2 rounds
	Saturday, June 2	1 round/poolside
	Sunday, June 3		1 round

Enron has an open invite.  Please let me know.	

big plans tonight?

 fox-sports-nba-knicks[1].mov

 - fox-sports-nba-knicks[1].mov 

with?

leaving right now for beers @ lil woodrows

big plans tonight?

yea...talk to john griffith about getting this info.  if you want to get a sense of my position, stop by monday afternoon.

Can't today have to head out to permitting office, flood and all.
Trying to get "geared" up in light of Gregg's comments, maybe beers would be best, you open?

Frank

if you're around stop by around 500-515 today to talk about all this stuff

Errol,
Is it possible for me to get a report of option positions broken out by greeks and strike concentration?  Also, I would like to know if it is possible for you to give me the financial desk's average gamma exposure over the last 6 months.  Trying to get "handle" on typical exposures?

Thanks,
Frank

i didnt mean to get so run over

> okay, seriously.  you make good points on the intervention front.  however, i
do believe that the euro has suffered from public neglect from the ecb.  that
said, i'm unsure what form an intervention would take.

money flow. i agree that there has been good money flow into us from Japan,
Japan (through Europe), and Europe.  usd is a good safe haven, because if we
have troubles US should outperform, and the EU is untested.  this is why i am
uninterested in shorting the dollar.

the euro has also suffered from a japanese overhang.  when the euro was first
released, japanese bot up the euro with the expectation that other countries
would convert some of their reserves into the euro.  this has not been the case
and japan has been puking out their position.  however, there is a belief that
the selling is over.  (though, i'm not sure when this played out, or how to
check this story.  haven't found measure for money flow.  oh, bloomberg, how i
miss thee.)

so, i guess i still like it.  but who knows, i'm probably the mullet retail
investor that gets run over.  the currency market is very efficient.

pookums

me thinks the currency market has seen enough failed interventions that
> it shrugs off any intervention and may view it as a sign of weakness.
> me also thinks that until foreigners quit plowing all their money into
> the US the dollar should remain fairly strong.  however, if all the
> hedge funds are short which i assume they would be, the turnaround will
> be very quick.
>
> >  -----Original Message-----

yet his price forecast from last week is 2.60ish for next summer...is that the struggle between bullish next summer but coming out of the winter with a lot of gas in the ground?

wrong assumption--he intends to come out as a big bull at this year's october conference --sees production treadmill scenario again--expects tightness to rear its head in h2-02. they have reduced their dwgom numbers in 03-05. he is still bearish this year thats it--he thinks time to get long is at 2.00$-----

 

what's your longer term 3-12 month view of heat?  thinking about buying against short natty for next summer.

think trade reluctant to sell here until they see aga on wednesday and knowing that tropical activity will develop at some point.  however, think the failure from 335 last thursday will weigh on people.  think that nobody wants to own above 325, only as very short term trade to sell to someone else 5-10 cents higher unless aga is very bullish.

I like it. But I am the minority. relative to nat gas I think HO has greter propensity to spike. right now I am working on just such analysis -will have details late rthis week.  I will probably spread TZ6 or NYMEX vs HO (going long the ho portion). Remember that unlike NG, about 90-92% of HO is made on demand -so stocks are not as important. also I think relative to NG HO sotcks are lower in that we are not headed to all time highs lin ho like we are in ng.also EUrope had ver vey warm winter last year. Reversion to norm especially in early (nov-mar) could keep things tighter if arb opens to EC.
We are beginning to see run cuts. I think OPEC is serious.
what si your view on ng t this week and next?
what's your longer term 3-12 month view of heat?  thinking about buying against short natty for next summer. 

if the number last week was right, then that looks possible.  however, 2 weeks ago the # came out higher than everybody thought so all the models were jacked up.  aga is certainly much better than the api but still cant put too much into one number

what do you think of a 63 aga?

think trade reluctant to sell here until they see aga on wednesday and knowing that tropical activity will develop at some point.  however, think the failure from 335 last thursday will weigh on people.  think that nobody wants to own above 325, only as very short term trade to sell to someone else 5-10 cents higher unless aga is very bullish.

I like it. But I am the minority. relative to nat gas I think HO has greter propensity to spike. right now I am working on just such analysis -will have details late rthis week.  I will probably spread TZ6 or NYMEX vs HO (going long the ho portion). Remember that unlike NG, about 90-92% of HO is made on demand -so stocks are not as important. also I think relative to NG HO sotcks are lower in that we are not headed to all time highs lin ho like we are in ng.also EUrope had ver vey warm winter last year. Reversion to norm especially in early (nov-mar) could keep things tighter if arb opens to EC.
We are beginning to see run cuts. I think OPEC is serious.
what si your view on ng t this week and next?
what's your longer term 3-12 month view of heat?  thinking about buying against short natty for next summer. 

not really.  i actually don't think the market's going to move too much even though the range of expectations is huge.  there are enough people on the sidelines to mute a move either way

For extra credit....	
If the company is worth 150% more under management A rather than 50% more, does your answer change?

will you do all of my homework?

i'll pay a grand total of 0

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

 Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.

Acquiring a Company

     In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very
viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under
either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company
A,
and so on.

     The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the
price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.

     Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration
project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.

     As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price
offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?

     $______ per/share

me thinks below but won't really move until closer to expiry

thanks.trust life is good to you. am in tokyo this week. has weather (HDD, storms) arrived too late to save nat gas? what about sep expiry above or below 3$-

not really.  i actually don't think the market's going to move too much even though the range of expectations is huge.  there are enough people on the sidelines to mute a move either way

i'm just here to do my job and not worry about prestige, or something

both inside and outside ene ( i heard from kayvan this morning)
JA- youngest MD at Christmas
odds?
me thinks below but won't really move until closer to expiry

thanks.trust life is good to you. am in tokyo this week. has weather (HDD, storms) arrived too late to save nat gas? what about sep expiry above or below 3$-

not really.  i actually don't think the market's going to move too much even though the range of expectations is huge.  there are enough people on the sidelines to mute a move either way

i probably would have told you within the first 2 months

rock and roll.  when were you planning on telling me-after he had been on the desk for three months.  you are never going to make the good vp list.
 
 

asap.  how about we just make him sign it and then the two of us split the 10k??

I'm still at work and very hungry-that is what is up with me.  what is up with you?
 
We have been doing 10k (i think) for them to sign the retention agreement.  We sh/d be consistent.  I will verify number w/Karen Buckley and have legal produce the doc.  When are you thinking of having him move over?

what is up with you?
 
just kidding.  we're bringing him onto the desk in an analytical role assuming his reviews are a-okay.  can you get me a 3 month evergreen doc with his name on it for if we do hire him.  the question was whether to bring him into the trading track.  we're gonna bring him on and if he does well, just merge him into it.

what is up with him?  i left his reviews in your bottom desk drawer-shred them please. 

Hey,
Surprised to hear from you.  jeff is in charge of nat gas operations and reports to sally beck who is in charge of all back office ops.  as of this morn, he is still here.   i've heard some wacky enron rumors before but this one is pretty good.  where'd you hear this?

> How are ya?!
>
> Question:  ever hear of a guy named Jeff Gossett (sp?) at Enron?  Supposed
> to be high up, but quit two weeks ago?  Maybe even reported to Skilling?
> Lemme know what you know...
>
> We should catch up, eh?  =)
>
>
> Heather Lockhart Robertson
> Clough Capital Partners, LP
> 260 Franklin Street
> Boston, MA  02110
> P: 617-204-3409
> F: 617-204-3434
> 

1. i would guess notional value $2-3 bil per day including financial derivatives.
2. probably doubled market share in gas since eol
3. probably 25% of our trades are intl

we have the eol case today in Entrepreneurial Manager.
question:
what is the daily value of transactions done on eol?
how has eol increased market share in gas?
how has eol done internationally?

thanks,
ep

Can I assume we are ready to test the limit orders?

i would still like to conduct the test.  we may have 10-20 internal orders at a short interval after aga

Hi John,

I assumed you knew the details but just realized from talking to Jay that you probably were not aware that Greg Whalley wanted us to put this on hold for North America until some FERC and CFTC issues were resolved. John Lavorato however wanted to go ahead and have an internal only version and we needed an extra week to program the internal only restricted version. Given that we have an intenal only version we don't need to conduct the test we had spoken about before. Let me know if you need further information. Thanks.

Savita 

Can I assume we are ready to test the limit orders?

thanks.  

Hey John:
 
Sorry for the delay in getting back to you,  I was out of the office last week.  This is someone that I used to work for, who was trying to get me to work for her again.  I am still here,  and intend on staying here.  Your friend has a good reading of the situation,  exageration has always been this woman's strong suit.

Jeff:
Received this email from a girl who used to work here.  any idea what she is talking about?   is she referring to you?

Aren't you used to me popping in every few years by now??  And are you

calling me wacky??  =)

Basically, I just started working for a new-ish hedge fund in Boston with

Chuck Clough, the former Chief Investment Strategist for Merrill.  I got a

random phone call yesterday from a woman who is just starting a hedge fund

here in Boston.  She had heard I was in town and has been trying to get a

hold of me to help her start her hedge fund.  She finally got my number from

someone, who told her I had already started working with Chuck.  I'm not

sure why she called me anyway, but she basically tried to convince me what a

great opportunity it would be to work with her and her "team."

The only person on her "team" that she described was Jeff Gossett.  She said

that she and her husband had hired him out of Southwest Texas undergrad and

he had stayed with her first fund for four years (which she subsequently

sold) until Enron recruited him away.  The stories of the recruitment seemed

a bit wild, like using private jets to fly him to Europe.  Anyway, she said

that he had quit Enron two weeks ago to join her in this new hedge fund.

Having never heard of him and thinking she seemed to be a bit of a crackpot,

I was wondering if it was true.  I would never leave this opportunity, even

if she offered me the world, but I have friends who really want to break

into hedge funds, so I was doing some due diligence on their behalf.

Does it sound like the same guy?

Sent: Thursday, August 02, 2001 12:58 PM

Hey,

Surprised to hear from you.  jeff is in charge of nat gas operations and

reports to sally beck who is in charge of all back office ops.  as of this

morn, he is still here.   i've heard some wacky enron rumors before but

this one is pretty good.  where'd you hear this?

    -----Original Message-----

[ <mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Robertson+2C+20Heather+22+20+3CHRobertson+40cloughcapi>

tal+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com]

   Sent:   Wednesday, August 01, 2001 1:57 PM

   Subject:  Hello!

   > How are ya?!

   >

   > Question:  ever hear of a guy named Jeff Gossett (sp?) at Enron?

   Supposed

   > to be high up, but quit two weeks ago?  Maybe even reported to

   Skilling?

   > Lemme know what you know...

   >

   > We should catch up, eh?  =)

   >

   >

   > Heather Lockhart Robertson

   > Clough Capital Partners, LP

   > 260 Franklin Street

   > Boston, MA  02110

   > P: 617-204-3409

   > F: 617-204-3434

   >

This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate and

may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the

intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by

others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or

authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or reply

to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete all

copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not

intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence a

binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its

affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not be

relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.

Thank you.

Our wine buyers (Doug & Joe) have gone mad!
They have hundreds of new wines arriving from September on.
We need space for all these new products.
Therefore we have to SELLOUT many of our current stocks of inventory!
At a Whopping 25% Off our regular price.
Our loss is your gain.
Watch out for your favorite category over the next few days.
This is the first group-Premium American Wine.
4770    Beringer    Private Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon  1996    100.    75.00
3985    Del Dotto       Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    65.99   49.49
1578    Far Niente      Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    100.    75.00
3087    Hartwell    Grace Family    Cabernet Sauvignon  1996    175.    131.25
4074    Hartwell    Sunshine Vineyard   Cabernet Sauvignon  1996    125.
93.75
5072    Beringer    Stanly Ranch    Pinot Noir  1995    29.99   22.49
6175    Burgess Enveiere 25th Anniversary   Proprietary Red 1997    90. 67.50
2424    Dominus     Proprietary Red 1984    250.    187.50
2720    Dominus     Proprietary Red 1985    250.    187.50
3746    Niebaum Coppola Rubicon Proprietary Red 1996    85. 63.75
1510    Signorello  Padrone Proprietary Red 1997    150.    112.50
5868    Artesa  Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    34.99   26.24
6122    Barnett Vineyard    Spring Mountain Cabernet Sauvignon  1998    50.
37.50
4536    Corison 10th Anniversary    Cabernet Sauvignon  1996    49.99   37.49
5929    Corison     Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    50. 37.50
5158    Cosentino Winery    Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon  1995    45.99   34.49
5593    Fife        Cabernet Sauvignon  1998    35. 26.25
4983    Girard  Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon  1995    50. 37.50
5077    Heitz   Napa    Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    40. 30.00
3559    Heitz   Trailside   Cabernet Sauvignon  1994    49.99   37.49
4804    Kenwood Artist Series   Cabernet Sauvignon  1995    75. 56.25
4873    Martin Ray  Santa Cruz  Cabernet Sauvignon  1995    46.99   35.24
4874    Martin Ray  Saratoga Cuvee  Cabernet Sauvignon  1998    32. 24.00
5079    Miner   Oakville    Cabernet Sauvignon  1998    70. 52.50
5622    Newton  Unfiltered  Cabernet Sauvignon  1998    50. 37.50
4774    Oakford Vineyards   Oakville    Cabernet Sauvignon  1995    59.99
44.99
3107    Oakford Vineyards   Oakville    Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    95. 71.25
5753    Oakville Ranch      Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    55. 41.25
5036    Plumpjack   Estate  Cabernet Sauvignon  1998    55. 41.25
2872    R&B Cellars Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    70. 52.50
4563    Raymond Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon  1998    29. 21.75
4985    Schweiger   Spring Mountain District    Cabernet Sauvignon  1997
60. 45.00
5577    Signorello  Estate  Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    49.99   37.49
5693    Signorello  Founders Reserve    Cabernet Sauvignon  1996    80. 60.00
5937    Silverado   Limited Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    120.    90.00
2975    Silverado Hill Cellars  Napa    Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    22.99
17.24
5673    Thunder Mountain    Miller Vineyard-Doc's   Cabernet Sauvignon  1998
55. 41.25
4737    Truchard    Carneros    Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    40. 30.00
5416    Volker Eisele Family Estate Napa    Cabernet Sauvignon  1996    35.
26.25
5668    von Strasser    Diamond Mountain    Cabernet Sauvignon  1998    49.99
37.49
4842    Whitehall Lane  Napa    Cabernet Sauvignon  1998    32.99   24.74
2682    ZD      Cabernet Sauvignon  1997    50. 37.50
4503    Arrowood    Sonoma  Chardonnay  1998    27. 20.25
5871    Artesa  Carneros    Chardonnay  1998    21.99   16.49
5872    Artesa  Napa Valley Chardonnay  1998    21.99   16.49
3631    Artesa  Reserve Chardonnay  1998    29.99   22.49
6202    Au Bon Climat       Chardonnay  1999    22. 16.50
6031    Au Bon Climat   Sanford & Benedict Vineyard Chardonnay  1998    45.
33.75
4531    Burgess     Chardonnay  1998    16.99   12.74
4388    Canepa  Gauer   Chardonnay  1996    29.99   22.49
5708    Chateau Potelle V. G. S.    Chardonnay  1997    45. 33.75
3839    Longoria    Santa Rita Cuvee    Chardonnay  1996    24.99   18.74
5936    Martin Ray  Mariage Chardonnay  1999    18.99   14.24
5032    Miner       Chardonnay  1999    34. 25.50
5940    Miner   Wild Yeast  Chardonnay  1998    50. 37.50
2320    Mueller Russian River  LB   Chardonnay  1997    24.99   18.74
4517    Newton  Red Label   Chardonnay  1999    26. 19.50
6049    Newton  Unfiltered  Chardonnay  1998    48. 36.00
4048    Neyers  Napa Valley     Chardonnay  1999    33. 24.75
5145    Oakville Ranch Vineyards    Vista   Chardonnay  1997    27.99   20.99
6074    Oakville Ranch Vineyards    Vista   Chardonnay  1999    38. 28.50
5244    Pine Ridge  Dijon Clones    Chardonnay  1998    22.99   17.24
4562    Raymond Reserve Chardonnay  1999    14.99   11.24
5919    Rombauer    Carneros    Chardonnay  1999    30. 22.50
5991    Schweiger       Chardonnay  1997    28. 21.00
4644    Shafer  Red Shoulder Ranch  Chardonnay  1998    34.99   26.24
3463    Signorello  Estate  Chardonnay  1997    29.99   22.49
5203    Silverado   Reserve Chardonnay  1997    45. 33.75
3835    Sonoma Cutrer   Les Pierres Chardonnay  1997    29.99   22.49
3836    Sonoma-Cutrer   Cutrer Vineyard Chardonnay      1997    25.99   19.49
5205    Swanson Carneros    Chardonnay  1997    23.99   17.99
4545    Talbott Diamond T Estate    Chardonnay  1997    69.99   52.49
5970    Vine Cliff Cellars      Chardonnay  1998    32. 24.00
3752    Von Strasser    Diamond Mountain    Chardonnay  1995    27.99   20.99
6161    Arrowood        Merlot  1997    42. 31.50
5869    Artesa  Napa Valley Merlot  1997    24.99   18.74
5870    Artesa  Sonoma Valley   Merlot  1997    24.99   18.74
3554    Azalea Springs      Merlot  1996    29.99   22.49
4215    Barnett Vineyard        Merlot  1995    24.99   18.74
1566    Cafaro      Merlot  1997    40. 30.00
4854    Chalk Hill  Chalk Hill  Merlot  1995    39.99   29.99
5611    Chalk Hill  Chalk Hill  Merlot  1996    39.99   29.99
5963    Chalk Hill  Chalk Hill  Merlot  1997    48. 36.00
4836    Fisher  RCF Merlot  1996    31.99   23.99
4092    Forman      Merlot  1996    44.99   33.74
4521    Liparita    Howell Mountain Merlot  1995    35.99   26.99
0593    Marilyn     Merlot  1996    25. 18.75
6155    Marilyn     Merlot  1999    25. 18.75
5353    Matanzas Creek      Merlot  1996    59.99   44.99
4683    Mietz       Merlot  1997    27. 20.25
5941    Miner   Oakville    Merlot  1997    65. 48.75
5458    Newton  Epic    Merlot  1997    59.99   44.99
5487    Newton  Unfiltered  Merlot  1997    44.99   33.74
6118    Newton  Unfiltered  Merlot  1998    50. 37.50
3575    Neyers      Merlot  1998    32. 24.00
5276    Rombauer    Napa Valley Merlot  1996    24.99   18.74
4493    Swanson     Merlot  1998    30. 22.50
5705    Truchard        Merlot  1997    32. 24.00
4645    Whitehall Lane  Knights Valley  Merlot  1998    25.99   19.49
4550    Lava Cap    Granite Hill-El Dorado  Petite Sirah    1998    30. 22.50
4831    Rockland        Petite Sirah    1998    33. 24.75
5332    Arrowood    Saralee's Vineyard  Pinot Blanc 1996    32.99   24.74
5874    Artesa  Carneros    Pinot Noir  1997    22.99   17.24
5875    Artesa  Russian River   Pinot Noir  1997    22.99   17.24
5873    Artesa  Santa Barbara   Pinot Noir  1997    22.99   17.24
5895    August Briggs   Carneros    Pinot Noir  1998    35. 26.25
0859    August Briggs   Dijon Clones    Pinot Noir  1998    35. 26.25
6123    Barnett Vineyard    Santa Lucia Pinot Noir  1998    30. 22.50
2385    Calera  Mills Vineyard  Pinot Noir  1996    49.99   37.49
5847    Hanzell     Pinot Noir  1996    44. 33.00
1209    J   Nicole's Vineyard   Pinot Noir  1996    28.99   21.74
2781    Lafond      Pinot Noir  1996    35. 26.25
5053    Miner   Gary's  Pinot Noir  1999    55. 41.25
4535    Mueller Emily's Cuvee   Pinot Noir  1997    32.99   24.74
5247    Murphy Goode    Russian River   Pinot Noir  1997    26.99   20.24
4176    Newton  Unfiltered  Pinot Noir  1998    34. 25.50
5752    Patz & Hall     Pinot Noir  1998    35.99   26.99
5020    Patz & Hall Russian River   Pinot Noir  1997    29.99   22.49
5565    Saintsbury  Brown Ranch Pinot Noir  1998    90. 67.50
3625    Siduri      Pinot Noir  1997    50. 37.50
5389    Truchard        Pinot Noir  1997    29.99   22.49
6203    Au Bon Climat       Pinot Noir / Mondeuse   1999    20. 15.00
5992    Luna    Canto   Proprietary Red 1998    70. 52.50
5971    Napanook        Proprietary Red 1997    37. 27.75
4885    Oakville Ranch  Roberts Blend   Proprietary Red 1995    39.99   29.99
5743    Pine Ridge  Andrus Reserve  Proprietary Red 1997    125.    93.75
4200    Ravenswood  Icon    Proprietary Red 1998    27. 20.25
1957    Sean Thackery   Pleiades IX Old Vines   Proprietary Red NV  25.99
19.49
5486    Seghesio    Omaggio Four Generations    Proprietary Red 1997    44.99
33.74
2144    Spring Mountain Vineyards       Proprietary Red 1997    58. 43.50
6024    Swanson     Alexis  Proprietary Red 1998    50. 37.50
5345    Thunder Mountain    Star Ruby   Proprietary Red 1998    55. 41.25
1224    Tablas Hills    Cuvee Blanc Proprietary White   1996    20.99   15.74
1890    Altamura        Sangiovese  1997    30. 22.50
4787    Flora Springs       Sangiovese  1999    16.99   12.74
1612    Showket Vineyards       Sangiovese  1998    50. 37.50
5876    Artesa  Napa Valley Sauvignon Blanc 1997    19.99   14.99
4811    Cain Vineyards  Musque  Sauvignon Blanc 1999    20. 15.00
3493    Edmunds St John Durell  Syrah   1995    27.99   20.99
5377    Lava Cap    El Dorado Reserve   Syrah   1997    25.99   19.49
4221    Jaffurs Matilija Cuvee  Syrah / Mouvedre    1996    18.99   14.24
0878    Archer      Zinfandel   1996    25.99   19.49
5979    Blockheadia Ringnosii   California  Zinfandel   1999    19.99   14.99
4639    Blockheadia Ringnosii   Napa Valley Zinfandel   1999    32. 24.00
4499    Cline   Jacuzzi Zinfandel   1995    39.99   29.99
2710    Eric Ross   Dry Creek Valley    Zinfandel   1997    24.99   18.74
5969    Franciscan      Zinfandel   1998    19.99   14.99
5242    Green & Red Chiles Mill Vineyard    Zinfandel   1999    30. 22.50
3773    Green & Red Chiles Valley   Zinfandel   1999    26. 19.50
5074    Howell Mountain Vineyards   Old Vine    Zinfandel   1998    30. 22.50
3626    One     Zinfandel   1997    19.99   14.99
4579    Pezzi King  Dry Creek Valley    Zinfandel   1996    25.99   19.49
5429    Pezzi King  Dry Creek Valley    Zinfandel   1997    25.99   19.49
3750    Rabbit Ridge    Rabbit Ridge Ranch  Zinfandel   1995    27.99   20.99
5861    Ravenswood  Barricia    Zinfandel   1998    36. 27.00
5879    Ravenswood  Belloni Zinfandel   1998    36. 27.00
5862    Ravenswood  Big River   Zinfandel   1998    36. 27.00
4557    Ravenswood  Dickerson Vineyard  Zinfandel   1998    36. 27.00
5858    Ravenswood  Monte Rosso Zinfandel   1998    36. 27.00
5859    Ravenswood  Old Hill    Zinfandel   1998    40. 30.00
5860    Ravenswood  Teldeschi   Zinfandel   1998    36. 27.00
5400    Robert Biale    Monte Rosso Zinfandel   1997    45. 33.75
2870    Stephen Ross    Monte Rosso Vineyard    Zinfandel   1997    29.99
22.49
3753    Woodward Canyon Columbia Valley Cabernet Sauvignon  1996    41.99
31.49
2479    Woodward Canyon Celilo Vineyard Chardonnay  1995    29.99   22.49
4534    Woodward Canyon Washington  Chardonnay  1996    24.99   18.74
3771    Woodward Canyon Columbia Valley Merlot  1997    31.99   23.99
4903    Delille Chaleur Estate  Proprietary Red 1996    41.99   31.49
4907    Matthews Cellars    Yakima Valley   Proprietary Red 1996    34.99
26.24
2823    Sineann Baby Poux Vineyard  Cabernet Sauvignon  1999    45. 33.75
4617    Adelsheim   Oregon  Pinot Noir  1998    25.99   19.49
4728    Archery Summit  Arcus Estate    Pinot Noir  1996    59.99   44.99
5037    Chehalem    Ridgecrest Vineyard Rion Reserve    Pinot Noir  1996
39.99   29.99
5896    Cristom Mt. Jefferson Cuvee Pinot Noir  1998    27. 20.25
2894    Ici / La Bas    La Detente  Pinot Noir  NV  29.99   22.49
5044    Ken Wright Cellars      Pinot Noir  1997    24.99   18.74
4938    Ponzi   Reserve Pinot Noir  1996    49.99   37.49
1797    Sineann Old Vine    Zinfandel   1999    35. 26.25

Best Regards,
Patrick Cipollone, President
Cortlandt Wines.Spirits
447 Albany Post Rd
Croton on Hudson, NY 10520
www.cortlandtwines.com
email-cortwine@aol.com
phone-914.271.6614
fax-914.271.4414

 

thanks for doing that interview for me.  can you reply to this?

Good morning John,
Just a friendly reminder on the completion of Edward Bartimmo's
evaluation form. Please feel free to inter-office the information, or
fax the form to (713) 646-3441.
Thank you so much for taking time out of your busy schedule to help
interview our candidates.

Have a great day!

Cathy Lira
(713) 345-4049

you dont like my ideas

i'll call

pookie:
check this out:
www.sailmainecoast.com/index.html

FYI.

FYI

>  <<IENER080601BSOW.PDF>> 
> 
> Raymond James Energy Stat of the Week, published 08/06/01.
> 
> Nuclear power production is about to reach a peak and then drop off
> dramatically through the course of 2002.  Record levels of nuclear power
> production have offset the need for gas-fired electric production to the
> tune of an estimated 1.5 to 2.5 bcf/d over the past six months and should
> peak at about 3.5 bcf/d late this fall.  However, nuclear power fleet
> utilization is expected to drop to under 91% heading into summer 2002,
> down from a historic high of nearly 97% this past summer. What does this
> mean to gas demand for the balance of 2002? Based on our work, we see the
> Y-O-Y return of between 1.0 to 1.5 bcf/day of natural gas demand when
> nuclear production hits the production cliff next spring.  While we have
> generally been cautious short term on gas prices the past few months, we
> have begun to identify or fill in some portion of the gas demand quotient
> for next summer. Unlike this summer, next year is shaping up to be a far
> more bullish year for gas, based on the need for gas-fired electric
> production to pick up the slack.
> 
> 
> The attached file is in the Adobe Acrobat *.PDF format. If you do not have
> the latest version of the Adobe Acrobat Reader, you can download it free
> from 
> http://www.adobe.com/prodindex/acrobat/readstep.html#reader.  If you
> should experience problems with this email, please contact Datra Roter, 
> droter@ecm.rjf.com.
> 
> If you have further questions, please contact any of the following members
> of the Raymond James Energy Team at 800-945-6275 (Houston). 
> 
> Research Team
> Oilfield Service	E&P	            Utilities/Energy       Calgary
> Energy
> Marshall Adkins	Wayne Andrews	Fred Schultz           Ken Faircloth
> John Tasdemir	John Gerdes		Greg Haas              Gordon Gee
> Jim Rollyson	John Tysseland  	Alexandra Fasoli	     Peter
> Tertzakian
> Matthew Burrus	James Mullins 	Porfirio Hernandez     Roger Serin
> John Freeman	Jeff Stultz					     Andrew
> Bradford
> 	
> Kara Bayton
> 	
> Grant Daunheimer
> 	
> Angela Guo
> Fixed Income
> Jon Kyle Cartwright
> (Florida Office)
> 727-573-8366
> 
> Investment Banking Team
> Oilfield Service	E&P	            Utilities/Energy
> Calgary Energy
> Steve Grant	      C.W. Macleod	Allen Lassiter		Naveen
> Dargan
> Ron Montalbano	Scott Mciell	Mark Huhndorff		Jason Holtby
> John Sterling	Wes Martin	      Barry Hill       		Igor
> Falaleyev
> Chad McEver
> Caroline Troy
> Gib Hordes                                                  David Gorman
> 	
> Kevin Smith	                  
> 
> Office Locations
> Houston					Dallas
> 5847 San Felipe, Suite 720	      2001 Ross Avenue, Suite 1100
> Houston, TX  77057	            Dallas, TX  75201	
> (800) 945-6275  FAX (713) 789-3581	(800) 393-1314  FAX (214) 720-1315
> (713) 789-3551  FAX (713) 266-4117	
> 
> Calgary                             St. Petersburg 
> Suite 2500, 707 8th Ave. SW          880 Carillon Parkway, Tower III
> Calgary AB T2P 1H5                  St. Petersburg, FL 33716

exaggerations...word travels everywhere doesnt it?  how'd you hear?

me thinks everybody short and everybody wants the market to go down.  I'm relatively flat and would love to squeeze all the fuckers out so I can sell them 20 cents higher.

true?
and when do you plan on selling them

i think there are so many shorts that some of the weak guys are squeezable here.  not all and not massive short covering.  just think the boys will be buying in front of next week's number.  best trade is to be long now and sell right before number

johnny johhny johnny-- there is no secrecy when one is the king of ng .. your brokers have the biggest moves in the world. clealry you scare the hell outof them next week is we get a real low ga--perhaps surprise attack bid itup after a 110 aga--now tha would be amusing.

anyway--our friends the funds--seem a tad weird of late- a$3.00 move up in WTI and next to no short covering.

do really think it would only 20cts in ng to squeeze em? what is the pain threshold

exaggerations...word travels everywhere doesnt it?  how'd you hear?

me thinks everybody short and everybody wants the market to go down.  I'm relatively flat and would love to squeeze all the fuckers out so I can sell them 20 cents higher.

true?
and when do you plan on selling them

you're right about the email address.  thanks.
as i said, if your product allows enron to reach more customers, we would have interest in participating in the structure.
John

John , if this gets to you ,I believe the email address on your business cards is incorrect .
                    Kevin Collins
John,
Thank you very much for your time Wednesday afternoon ,we appreciate it. Your feedback is very important to us as we continue to define the end product. As discussed we too only see the value in the product  if we have mutiple "customers" participating and as I told you we have had many hedge funds and CTA's request a similar service. Over the next 2/3 weeks we will be presenting to a number of these interested parties and would be happy to keep you updated on progress. I anticipate more aggressive "marketing" of the product from September onwards as we are still stuck in the summer vacation schedule and it is making serious "roadshowing" difficult.
Again thank you for your time and please dont hesitate to contact me with any questions you may have or any further feedback you may want to provide (either to Deutsche or Campbell ).
Regards,
Kevin

--

This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly forbidden.

someone's got too much time

funny
Corey Ayers
08/10/2001 08:39 AM

this fits our conversation this morning
I want my, I want my EOL

I want my, I want my EOL

I want my, I want my EOL

I want my, I want my EOL

Now look at them market makers's, that's the way you do it

You buy the nat gas on that EOL

That ain't tradin', that's the way you do it

Buying for nothin' and your commissions for free

Now that ain't tradin', that's the way you do it

Lemme tell ya, them guys ain't dumb

Maybe get a blister on your index finger

Maybe get carpal tunnel

We got keep the spreads real tight

Nationwide delivieries.

We got to move these molecules

We got to move these electricities

The Enron trader with the fifteen flat screens

Yeah, buying sellin', he don't care

That Enron trader got his own jet airplane

That Enron trader he's a millionaire

We got keep the spreads real tight

Nationwide delivieries.

We got to move these molecules

We got to move these electricities.

I shoulda learned to get out on the web

I shoulda learned, they have it hyped in the press

Look at that volume, they are the market share leader

I can't understand why the stock's under distress

And he's 50000 up there, what's that, no nymex noises

Every one wants one, even Dynegy.

Oh, that ain't workin' that's the way you do it

Buyin' for nothin' get your commissions forf ree

I want my, I want my EOL

I want my, I want my EOL

I want my, I want my EOL

******************************************************************
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso
Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the
use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
If you have received this email in error please notify the
sender.
******************************************************************

i just cant get too enthused about the short side.  why did cash go out trading +5 for a weekend when there was zero power gen demand.  the easy answer is that pipes were short and everybody playing catchup from this week.  fine.  what's it going to trade next week.  the gas daily swap implies flat, but it's lagged the actual spread all month.  i think cash surprises by trading positive next week with no power gen.  this market is not trading like we run out of injection space.  so either the market is wrong (maybe but a dangerous assumption to make) or I don't see why sep is so overvalued relative to the rest of the curve.  you can certainly argue that the winter and cal 2 are too high, but those certainly don't seem to be going down very fast.  march is off 8 cents since jun 29.  so if the market wants to say that march is worth 354, then why is sep too high at 298?

timing-i think if we come in monday and normal weather actually shows up
they wack this thing

sorry sorry sorry:
things back to normal around here, which unfortunately is boring.  tired of
my apartment, tired of my girlfriends, a few more weeks like this and I'll
be tired of my job.  need something to juice up my life.  vacation was
good.  took a few days in belize to get certified for scuba.  very cool.
then a weeklong finance class at wharton.  good to learn something new for
a change.

very few views of the market here.  not sure that all the bearishness is
not already built into the market.  problem is the bearish sentiment is
still tremendously pervasive.  everybody, everybody, everybody, is short
but wants a rally to 315 to sell more.  just not sure what the downside
target is.  cash isnt behaving like we're gonna run out of injection space
in october.  if i owned a proprietary storage field and thought we'd
approach shut-ins in late oct and be at a much lower level, i either would
not inject now or better yet, i'd withdraw now to have room for all that $2
gas later.  but hell, the cash market is trading over prompt.  not just
because it's hot, it's been doing so for about 3 weeks now.  thus i could,
in fact the storage economics tell me i should, withdraw gas or definitely
not inject so i could have flexibility later.  something doesnt add up.
the spec market is convinced we're going to shut in but the phys market is
not telling the same story.  so let's assume we're not at shut-ins or have
trouble placing gas in october.  is the market overpriced?  don't think it
necessarily is considering the winter will have a risk premium associated
with it regardless of the fundamentals after last winter until we get the
first weather forecast of the winter.  i think we could stay at this price
level for a while and then have the next move down late oct early nov when
people try to withdraw gas and nobody wants it.  i think it was in 99 when
the first 3 weeks of nov were injection.  can you imagine going into dec
with 3.15?   but if there is injection capabililty through oct 31, and the
winter is going to stay relatively high due to risk premium, how far are
the storage spreads going to widen?

 biggest position right now is short jv and short a ton of u vol.
producers are waiting for any move up in cal 2 to give it a spanking.
falling back in love with longer term gas though.  think 2/3 and 2/4
spreads are golden.

thoughts?

   how it goes my man. its all good here. finally getting settled into my

   personal life-got the family moved ,in the new house etc. john paul was
   up

   this past weekend and he came over to my place to sy hi. good guy-has a
   cool

   chic.ive been meaning to email you but as always busy as hell. i had
   dinner

   with bo collins last nite and a few cocktails-funny to see him changing

   roles. i enjoy talking to him but hes being quite the diplomat now.
   seems

   the new role fits him actually and he seems to be enjoying it.still hard
   for

   me to believe hes not gonna miss trading.

       hows business/life and the vaca? what are your thos ont he mkt?

      demand has come back a great deal but im not sure its gonna
   help-maybe

   too little too late. ive been trading this a little mroe actively now
   that

   the mkts been leaning mosrtly one say but fortuntely sold early in the
   week

   on the rally before the aga-and after.biggest problem for muchlower
   prices

   in the short term is it seems now the whole mkt has the same supply and

   demand view. but if we can believe that production is up 3% which seems
   to

   be the implication we'll have no problm moving about 3.1 tcf(3.2 basis

   doe).economic growth will be at best flat to last year thru 2001 and i'd
   say

   that means the winter will struggle to get much bullishness--ie our
   biggest

   concievable draw would be in the order of 2.2 tcf-leaves us around 1 tcf
   end

   march, hard to get too excited about that. sprds? not much of clue-i
   tend to

   think inverses cont to errode like feb/apr-but maybe not until mkt gives
   up

   on winter. prepensity for us to stay contango maybe accelerates.that
   this

   year.

      you think we get to shut in levels? since so much prod growth appears
   to

   be from independents does that raise the avg shut in value from say 1.60
   to

   $2.00 or higher??

       anyway-be cool,hope all is well. enjoy the weekend. are you going to
   be

   in NYC anytime soon?

yea, i'd be willing to take a look at any of these ideas.  

John -

I want to float an idea past you to see if you have any interest.  In the
past, I have not made a habit of participating in PaineWebber syndicate
offerings because, frankly, investment banking was not our strong suit.
Now, with the UBS merger, our deal flow is starting to look much better (see
press release below).  5.79% isn't a mind-blowing number, but it is
impressive in light of market conditions and the fact that "UBS Warburg was
the only bank to have a positive return among the 17 banks listed including
Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and Salomon Smith Barney."

As the market rebounds, I think you may benefit from participation in IPOs
and other syndicate deals.  If you have an interest in this, let me know and
we'll discuss it further.  Thanks.

January 12, 2001
UBS Warburg has been ranked first in IPO performance for US offerings in
2000, according to Commscan's Equidesk. Achieving a 5.79% return, the result
is particularly significant considering the Bank was not involved in any of
the top 10 largest IPOs of the year.
Lead managing 12 IPOs, UBS Warburg was the only bank to have a positive
return among the 17 banks listed including Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley,
Goldman Sachs and Salomon Smith Barney. UBS Warburg also tied first place
for IPO "batting average" (the % of IPOs that trade above issue price),
achieving the highest "batting average" overall. Three deals in 2000 which
helped achieve these impressive statistics include Intermune
Pharmaceuticals, Luminex, and Bruker Daltonics.

> Michael Gapinski
> Account Vice President
> UBS PaineWebber, Inc.
> 713-654-0365
> 800-553-3119 x365
> Fax: 713-654-1281
> Cell: 281-435-0295
michael.gapinski@ubspainewebber.com

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
UBS PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by UBS PaineWebber and
UBS PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
UBS PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

hey:
thanks, we already have the front 2 spreads out (u/v,v/x).  do you think there would be interest in the strip spreads?

Hi John,

How have you been?  Had an idea (which I'm sure you guys have already
discussed) but why not put nymex spreads on eol (ex. U/V,
X-H/J-V,01/02)?

yea 

Still interested in sailing lessons?

someone's got too much time

funny
Corey Ayers
08/10/2001 08:39 AM

this fits our conversation this morning
I want my, I want my EOL

I want my, I want my EOL

I want my, I want my EOL

I want my, I want my EOL

Now look at them market makers's, that's the way you do it

You buy the nat gas on that EOL

That ain't tradin', that's the way you do it

Buying for nothin' and your commissions for free

Now that ain't tradin', that's the way you do it

Lemme tell ya, them guys ain't dumb

Maybe get a blister on your index finger

Maybe get carpal tunnel

We got keep the spreads real tight

Nationwide delivieries.

We got to move these molecules

We got to move these electricities

The Enron trader with the fifteen flat screens

Yeah, buying sellin', he don't care

That Enron trader got his own jet airplane

That Enron trader he's a millionaire

We got keep the spreads real tight

Nationwide delivieries.

We got to move these molecules

We got to move these electricities.

I shoulda learned to get out on the web

I shoulda learned, they have it hyped in the press

Look at that volume, they are the market share leader

I can't understand why the stock's under distress

And he's 50000 up there, what's that, no nymex noises

Every one wants one, even Dynegy.

Oh, that ain't workin' that's the way you do it

Buyin' for nothin' get your commissions forf ree

I want my, I want my EOL

I want my, I want my EOL

I want my, I want my EOL

******************************************************************
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso
Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the
use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
If you have received this email in error please notify the
sender.
******************************************************************

will every programmer involved on this project be in this building working this weekend?

Hi John,

We are not going to be able to release the limit order functionalit to production this Friday. It will probably happen next week.

Savita

mark:
what are your thoughts on crude and gasoline?

Latest natural report
 - ng051301.doc 

you in town this weekend?

i found this searching for gas stuff if you care.. 

wanna chew on my toenails?

wanna join the truck fundy's group under jen fraser?

i found this searching for gas stuff if you care.. << File: trucking.pdf >> 

yes

Can you do basic keelboat on Sept 16-17? or whatever that weekend is?  Let me know and I will sign us up.  $225.00  (or there abouts)
 
K.

yea 

Still interested in sailing lessons? 

someone's got too much time 

Sent:   Friday, August 10, 2001 8:57 AM 
funny 
Corey Ayers 
08/10/2001 08:39 AM 

this fits our conversation this morning 
I want my, I want my EOL 

I want my, I want my EOL 

I want my, I want my EOL 

I want my, I want my EOL 

Now look at them market makers's, that's the way you do it 

You buy the nat gas on that EOL 

That ain't tradin', that's the way you do it 

Buying for nothin' and your commissions for free 

Now that ain't tradin', that's the way you do it 

Lemme tell ya, them guys ain't dumb 

Maybe get a blister on your index finger 

Maybe get carpal tunnel 

We got keep the spreads real tight 

Nationwide delivieries. 

We got to move these molecules 

We got to move these electricities 

The Enron trader with the fifteen flat screens 

Yeah, buying sellin', he don't care 

That Enron trader got his own jet airplane 

That Enron trader he's a millionaire 

We got keep the spreads real tight 

Nationwide delivieries. 

We got to move these molecules 

We got to move these electricities. 

I shoulda learned to get out on the web 

I shoulda learned, they have it hyped in the press 

Look at that volume, they are the market share leader 

I can't understand why the stock's under distress 

And he's 50000 up there, what's that, no nymex noises 

Every one wants one, even Dynegy. 

Oh, that ain't workin' that's the way you do it 

Buyin' for nothin' get your commissions forf ree 

I want my, I want my EOL 

I want my, I want my EOL 

I want my, I want my EOL 

****************************************************************** 
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso 
Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the 
use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. 
If you have received this email in error please notify the 
sender. 
****************************************************************** 

how can i help for the video?

wrong email address

Think we're settled on Xmas week to go skiing. If this not good, reply via email (Dad, you can phone).

Therefore we're looking at 22nd to 29th (possibly 30th??) Dec. 

Location; Mart and I not got strong view other than not daft money, and would like nice scenery and maybe a few shops for Mart. i don't know enough about where we are likely to get good snow or not, Jim/Jenny might better advise.

In view of our restriction re. dates we might have limited choice anyway. I will have a look on internet, Jim/Jenny would you do same. Mum and Dad, might be better if you go to travel agents.

Suggest we touch base over weekend to review options.

Nick

i have a meeting with Heath Schiesser (VP of Xcelerator) today.  can I  join the trucking fundies group instead?

if you want...

are you going to throw up on me?
 
 
yes

Can you do basic keelboat on Sept 16-17? or whatever that weekend is?  Let me know and I will sign us up.  $225.00  (or there abouts)
 
K.

yea 

Still interested in sailing lessons? 

someone's got too much time 

Sent:   Friday, August 10, 2001 8:57 AM 
funny 
Corey Ayers 
08/10/2001 08:39 AM 

this fits our conversation this morning 
I want my, I want my EOL 

I want my, I want my EOL 

I want my, I want my EOL 

I want my, I want my EOL 

Now look at them market makers's, that's the way you do it 

You buy the nat gas on that EOL 

That ain't tradin', that's the way you do it 

Buying for nothin' and your commissions for free 

Now that ain't tradin', that's the way you do it 

Lemme tell ya, them guys ain't dumb 

Maybe get a blister on your index finger 

Maybe get carpal tunnel 

We got keep the spreads real tight 

Nationwide delivieries. 

We got to move these molecules 

We got to move these electricities 

The Enron trader with the fifteen flat screens 

Yeah, buying sellin', he don't care 

That Enron trader got his own jet airplane 

That Enron trader he's a millionaire 

We got keep the spreads real tight 

Nationwide delivieries. 

We got to move these molecules 

We got to move these electricities. 

I shoulda learned to get out on the web 

I shoulda learned, they have it hyped in the press 

Look at that volume, they are the market share leader 

I can't understand why the stock's under distress 

And he's 50000 up there, what's that, no nymex noises 

Every one wants one, even Dynegy. 

Oh, that ain't workin' that's the way you do it 

Buyin' for nothin' get your commissions forf ree 

I want my, I want my EOL 

I want my, I want my EOL 

I want my, I want my EOL 

****************************************************************** 
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso 
Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the 
use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. 
If you have received this email in error please notify the 
sender. 
****************************************************************** 

61

Good Morning,

Please provide your estimate for this week's AGA storage survey.

Here are this week's stats:

AGA Last Year       +52
5 yr AVG            +68
Lifetime High            +93  1996
Lifetime Low             +37  1995
Gas in STGE              2283
5yr AVG             2152
+/- to 2000              +298
+/- to 5yr AVG           +198

Please have your estimates in by Noon (11:00 CST) Wednesday.  Thank you.

(Embedded image moved to file: pic16721.pcx)

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
	----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for the addressees and are confidential. If you receive this message in error, please delete it and immediately notify the sender.

Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS (and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message if modified.
 - pic16721.pcx << File: pic16721.pcx >> 

do you know if i have astros tix from upstairs anytime soon?

no real opinion except short vol

what do you think and are u still playing games with the shorts?

Phillip, Scott, Hunter, Tom and John -

Just to reiterate the new trading guidelines on PG&E Energy Trading:

1.  Both financial and physical trading are approved, with a maximum tenor of 18 months

2.  Approved entities are:	PG&E Energy Trading - Gas Corporation
				PG&E Energy Trading - Canada Corporation
     				
				NO OTHER PG&E ENTITIES ARE APPROVED FOR TRADING
     
3.  Both EOL and OTC transactions are OK

4.  Please call Credit (ext. 31803) with details on every OTC transaction.  We need to track all new positions with PG&E Energy Trading on an ongoing basis.  Please ask the traders and originators on your desks to notify us with the details on any new transactions immediately upon execution.  For large transactions (greater than 2 contracts/day or 5 BCF total), please call for approval before transacting.

Thanks for your assistance; please call me (ext. 53923) or Russell Diamond (ext. 57095) if you have any questions.

Jay

hungry?

at my desk

where are you?

hungry?

what's pdx?

oh.  already going to dinner with Elliot Mainzer (pdx office) and Garrett Tripp (Toronto office).  going for mexican.  Would you like to join us?

at my desk

where are you?

hungry?

what's toronto

portland

what's pdx?

oh.  already going to dinner with Elliot Mainzer (pdx office) and Garrett Tripp (Toronto office).  going for mexican.  Would you like to join us?

at my desk

where are you?

hungry?

are they fun or boring work folk?

goin'?

what's toronto

portland

what's pdx?

oh.  already going to dinner with Elliot Mainzer (pdx office) and Garrett Tripp (Toronto office).  going for mexican.  Would you like to join us?

at my desk

where are you?

hungry?

we'll do it another time...i dont really want to talk about work all night.   thanks though

they're fun to me.  May talk about things that are boring to you.  Elliott and I haven't seen Garrett in a real long time.  He use to work in Portland, too.

are they fun or boring work folk?

goin'?

what's toronto

portland

what's pdx?

oh.  already going to dinner with Elliot Mainzer (pdx office) and Garrett Tripp (Toronto office).  going for mexican.  Would you like to join us?

at my desk

where are you?

hungry?

your welcome and thanks

John -  

Forgot to say thanks for dinner/margaritas last night - so thanks!  I'll get you next time.

Have fun in Colorado!

Deirdre

sure

can we have a chat this week for a couple of minutes..tuesday after close?

Jeff Pesot
GA Options,LLC
212 947 3337
212 947 3339 fax
646 522 2528 cell
jpesot@gaoptions.com 
www.gaoptions.com
 - INVITE.doc 

yes

Ina Rangel
05/10/2001 05:47 PM
John,

Do you think we need to see about sending an IT Tech for you and Maggi on Friday to make sure everything is working okay?   If we do, we would have to pay for their travel expenses.

It would be beneficial to you instead of having to be on the phone with IT for any problems.

Let me know.

-Ina

option mtg today at 4:15 
topics include long term vol

hey stupid:
do you know if jason ever signed an evergreen? if not, can you print one up?

agree

Cara and John:

Please respond to cancel deal ID 160973775 between Cara Spicer of Dike
Product:  NG Fin, FP for LD1 Henry Hub tailgate-Louisiana
Strip: Dec '01
Quantity:  5,000 MMBtus daily
Price:  4.73 USD/ MMBtu
Effective Date: Dec 1, 2001
Termination Date:  Dec 31, 2001
Total Quantity:  155, 000 MMBtus
Trade Date:  Aug 20, 2001

If you have any further questions please call the IntercontinentalExchange
Atlanta HelpDesk at +1-770-738-2101.

Regards,

I n t e r c o n t i n e n t a l E x c h a n g e
____________________________________________
http://www.intcx.com | Chris Lowe | 770.738.2101

agree

Cara and John:

Please respond to the following to cancel deal ID 242186080 between Cara
Spicer of Duke Energy Trading and Marketing LLC and John Arnold of Enron
North America Corp.

Product:  NG Fin, FP for LD1Henry Hub-Louisiana
Strip:  Dec '01
Quantity:  5,000 MMBtus daily
Price:  4.74 USD/MMBtu
Effective Date:  Dec 1, 2001
Termination Date:  Dec 31, 2001
Total Quantity:  155,000 MMbtus
Trade date:  Aug 20, 2001

IF you have any further questions please call the IntercontinentalExchange
Atlanta HelpDesk at +1-770-738-2101.

Regards,

I n t e r c o n t i n e n t a l E x c h a n g e
____________________________________________
http://www.intcx.com | Chris Lowe | 770.738.2101

agree

Cara and John:

Please respond to cancel deal ID 771673430 between Cara Spicer of Duke
Product:  NG Fin, FP for LD1 Henry Hub tailgate-Louisiana
Strip: Dec '01
Quantity:  5,000 MMbtus daily
Price: 4.7350 USD/MMBtu
Effective Date:  Dec 1, 2001
Termination Date:  Dec 31, 2001
Total Quantity:  155,000 MMbtus
Trade Date:  Aug 20, 2001

If you have any further questions please call the IntercontinentalExchange
Atlanta HelpDesk at +1-770-738-2101.

Regards,

I n t e r c o n t i n e n t a l E x c h a n g e
____________________________________________
http://www.intcx.com | Chris Lowe | 770.738.2101

are you going to blow me off for dinner again tonight?

cause you played hooky this morn?

gotta work out right after work but then I can.  What were ya thinkin'?

are you going to blow me off for dinner again tonight?

what do they mean when they have a cold summer scenario results in a $1.50 price?  these guys are freaks.

 << File: gs gas.pdf >> 

With the daily chaos that ensues on this floor, sometimes communication is sacrificed.  Fortunately, we have the message board to facilitate real time sharing of information.  I think all of us, including myself, underutilize this tool.  I want to encourage everybody to keep the board open on their computers all day long.  In addition, I want everybody to post at least one message every day.  This can be an interesting trade that just happened, what counterparties are trying to do, new information you uncovered, etc.  Information we learn can be very valuable to other desks and it is only fair that if we're taking info from the board, we should be contributing as well.

With skilling gone I move up one spot...from 147th to 146th.  

This market sucks!!  Right back where we were before the # last week.  I have so little interest right now.  just glad i held onto the short straddle position.  wish i had something intelligent to say but i don't.

the new rumour is youre skillings replacement-thats even better than the aga

i'll pay a grand total of 0

 Please read the following problem very carefully, and write in a number at
the end.  You should be ready to defend your answer.  Only a number is
allowed, not an algebraic equation.

Acquiring a Company

	In the following exercise you will represent Company A (the acquirer),
which is currently considering acquiring Company T (the target) by means of
a tender offer.  You plan to tender in cash for 100% of Company T's shares
but are unsure how high a price to offer.  The main complication is this:
the value of Company T depends directly on the outcome of a major oil
exploration project it is currently undertaking.  Indeed, the very viability
of Company T depends on the exploration outcome.  If the project fails, the
company under current management will be worth nothing--$0/share.  But if
the project succeeds, the value of the company under current management
could be as high as $100/share.  All share values between $0 and $100 are
considered equally likely.  By all estimates, the company will be worth
considerably more in the hands of Company A than under current management.
In fact, whatever the ultimate value under current management, the company
will be worth fifty percent more under the management of A than under
Company T.  If the project fails, the company is worth $0/share under either
management.  If the exploration project generates a $50/share value under
current management, the value under Company A is $75/share.  Similarly, a
$100/share value under Company T implies a $150/share value under Company A,
and so on.

	The board of directors of Company A has asked you to determine the price
they should offer for Company T's shares.  This offer must be made now,
before the outcome of the drilling project is known.  From all indications,
Company T would be happy to be acquired by Company A, provided it is at a
profitable price.  Moreover, Company T wishes to avoid, at all cost, the
potential of a takeover bid by any other firm.  You expect Company T to
delay a decision on your bid until the results of the project are in, then
accept or reject your offer before the news of the drilling results reaches
the press.

	Thus, you (Company A) will not know the results of the exploration project
when submitting your price offer, but Company T will know the results when
deciding whether or not to accept your offer.  In addition, Company T will
accept any offer by Company A that is greater than the (per share) value of
the company under current management.  Thus, if you offer $50/share, for
instance, Company T will accept if the value of the company to Company T is
anything less than $50.

	As the representative of Company A, you are deliberating over price offers
in the range of $0/share (this is tantamount to making no offer at all) to
$150/share.  What price offer per share would you tender for Company T's
stock?

	$______ per/share

in regards to the stock, tell me about it.  
flat price me thinks we go nowhere for a while. think the next push down doesnt come again until late october.  im buying z 300/250 put spread for 11.  still looking for 3.1 by end of season.  probably 2.95-3.0 for nov 31.  who wants baseload gas for dec in that scenario?
aga's... think high 70's is neutral the market.  if it comes out 70-85 you can shit on vol.  that'd be good for me.

dont blame you-but my long straddle position worked great(30 vols in one
day-sorry im sure it was a tuff day for you hedged my merc short well). im
gonna try again this time altho at higher vol levels(bot some from magee). i
think if we get a aga less than 70 or more than 80 well see a big move.more
a gamma play this time.flat price im pretty neutral till i see the aga.
number shud come in around 81-82 ish but after last week who the hell knows.
im not bullish by eany means but the s&d has titened a bit on a relative
basis. if i dont see 80 ish injections ill be neutral and be trading more
short term and opportunistic than previous.
  man the enron stx getting smoked-they better pay you more cash this year
and save the options, or at least give you some lower strikes.

With skilling gone I move up one spot...from 147th to 146th.

This market sucks!!  Right back where we were before the # last week.  I
have so little interest right now.  just glad i held onto the short
straddle position.  wish i had something intelligent to say but i don't.

    -----Original Message-----
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Lafontaine+2C+20Steve+22+20+3Csteve+2Elafontaine+40ban
kofamerica+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com]

   Sent:   Thursday, August 16, 2001 4:02 PM
   the new rumour is youre skillings replacement-thats even better than the
   aga

hard to say odds on a revision.  don't think aga would make a revision, but an individual stg field could.  another option is that a stg field that realizes they fucked up just fades the number over the next several weeks such that each number going forward is bigger than expected.  

the other thing in the back of my mind-if there is a revision of 20 bcf or
more and an injection of 80 ish-i think they kill this thing. what you think
are the odds of a revision? 10-15% i say. not sure when tho

With skilling gone I move up one spot...from 147th to 146th.

This market sucks!!  Right back where we were before the # last week.  I
have so little interest right now.  just glad i held onto the short
straddle position.  wish i had something intelligent to say but i don't.

    -----Original Message-----
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Lafontaine+2C+20Steve+22+20+3Csteve+2Elafontaine+40ban
kofamerica+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com]

   Sent:   Thursday, August 16, 2001 4:02 PM
   the new rumour is youre skillings replacement-thats even better than the
   aga

wrong addressee

Don
How are you today? I hope all is well. Due to the job commitments of the SME's, they can not attend a 4 hour kick off meeting. Therefore, we need to cut it down to 1.5 to 2 hours. Send me the agenda with some detail regarding the purpose of the different sections on the agenda. I know as a minimum I want the following to occur at this meeting

1. Demo simulation
2. Duties & responsibilities of SME/The processes associated with these tasks (i.e. questions, interviews meetings)
3. Give out the first set of questions to SME's and get the show started
4. Go over time lines and milestones associated with SME's duties and responsibilities.

Now I know the content review sessions have been estimated to last approximately 4 hours, but we should be able to give the SME's advance notice and schedule them individually. Together with them we can address this issue and obtain a win win solution (i.e. cut down the time with a great process and commitments to Excellence).

We need to get started on this deal. I need to get 100% attendance by the SME's.

Give me a call on my cell phone 713 303 4292 or leave me a detail message on my work phone (My cell is off while I am at the Hospital w/ my mother).

Cheers
KIrk

ina:
we're going to have a mandatory eol trading simulation session today at 4:00.  Can you email all traders on the floor and make sure the desk heads know.  Also, postpone my 4:00-5:00 mtgs until after 5 or tomorrow.

thanks

unsubscribe powerindex  jarnold@enron.com

got this one
3 Trades EFP Style....
  
500 lots-Duke Energy (using Prudential)
1000 lots AEP Energy (using PFS)
1000 lots Williams Energy (using Paribas)

  
You are selling futures and buying LD SWAPS
  
NYMEX posting price is $2.775
  
Thank You

3 Trades EFP Style....
  
500 lots-Duke Energy (using Prudential)
1000 lots AEP Energy (using PFS)
1000 lots Williams Energy (using Paribas)

  
You are selling futures and buying LD SWAPS
  
NYMEX posting price is $2.775
  
Thank You

Greg:
I just realized I'm out of town thursday and friday of next week.  any chance we can meet with bo wednesday afternoon?

i'm planning on it

you working out with dean today?

how bout we split the moolah

newport??

i'll call

pookie:
check this out:
www.sailmainecoast.com/index.html

for what?

you're done.

hey stupid-you owe me some wine or a dinner or something fun

how bout we split the moolah

wrong wrong wrong

you're talk no action

me...ACTION

i can't believe you have to ask.  i'm so hurt. never mind.  next time, i'll just tell lavo to rank you and all your people 5.  and you never made boxes either.  

all talk, no action.

for what?

you're done.

hey stupid-you owe me some wine or a dinner or something fun

how bout we split the moolah

want to get a fancy dinner tongiht?

let's say thursday.

were you counting  in ac?

Which one is better...Thurs or Fri bkfst.  By the way, I lived in Atlantic
City for a year
and played at the Golden Nugget just about every day.  Can't figure out it
was work or fun.
		-----Original Message-----
		Pencil me in for breakfast.
		Thanks for the tix offer but I'm going to Vegas this
weekend.
		See you end of Sep,
		John

		   -----Original Message-----
		   Hello again.  Two notes.

		   Just back from vacation and planning a trip to Houston in
late
		   September.

		   Are you available for breakfast at the Hyatt on Thursday
Sep 27 or
		   Friday

		   Sept 28th...6:30-7:00ish.  Oct goes off the board Wed.
the 26th.

		   Secondly, I have four tix to Astros-Brew Crew this Friday
night.  Good

		   seats.  Would you be interested?

any interest in catching the us soccer game tonight?  me thinks it starts at 9

how about those dutch, or dutchesses

i can't do it tonight- that will be a great game though. 

how about those irish!

pjb
any interest in catching the us soccer game tonight?  me thinks it starts at 9

i just mean to flip/flop the traders and orig so they are still sitting together but the trading is next to financial and texas rather than the orig

I understand your concern.  However I don't want to separate origination and trading.  Most of our originators work the daily market and need to be close to the traders.

any thought to flipping your traders and orig to get all the trading as close to possible?

Attached is the most recent version of the ECS 6th floor layout.  Each team has been assigned a predetermined number of desks.  John has asked that you place your people only in the desks allotted to you.  Assistants should be colored in white where applicable.  Some teams are still in the same area and changes may not be necessary.  

If all of your commercial organization does not fit, please send me back a list of those people who will need to be assigned a desk on the fifth floor. 

John would like to have a final revision of this by end of day tomorrow (Thursday). 

Thanks in advance for your prompt attention, 
Tammy 
x36589 

<<6th floorplan 9.05.xls>> 

  

yes.  we've made budget this year.  what do we need more income for?

A raise for permanently killing our bid offer income?

Do I get a raise??
 
 
I need it with my new apartment.

External orders submitted: 812 
External orders filled: 215 

As a comparison, the numbers for yesterday were: 

External orders submitted: 116 
External orders filled: 13 

Here is a list of counterparties that posted prices which became the web prices and were traded: 

AEP Energy Services, Inc. 
Allegheny Energy Supply Company, LLC 
American Electric Power Service Corporation 
American Municipal Power-Ohio Inc. 
Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation 
Aquila Risk Management Corporation 
Astra Power, LLC 
BNP Paribas 
BP Corporation North America Inc. 
BP Energy Company 
CLECO Marketing and Trading, LLC 
CMS Marketing, Services and Trading Company 
Calpine Energy Services, L.P. 
Cargill Energy, a division of Cargill, Incorporate 
Cargill-Alliant, LLC 
Cinergy Marketing & Trading, LLC 
Cinergy Services, Inc. 
Colonial Energy Inc. 
ConAgra Energy Services, Inc. 
Conectiv Energy Supply, Inc. 
Conoco Inc. 
Consolidated Edison Solutions, Inc. 
Constellation Power Source, Inc. 
Cook Inlet Energy Supply L.L.C. 
Coral Energy Canada Inc. 
Coral Energy Holding L.P. 
Coral Energy Resources, L.P. 
Cross Timbers Energy Services, Inc. 
DTE Energy Trading, Inc. 
Duke Energy Trading and Marketing, L.L.C. 
Dynegy Canada Inc. 
Dynegy Marketing and Trade 
Dynegy Power Marketing, Inc. 
El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P. 
Enron Energy Services, Inc. 
Entergy-Koch Trading, LP 
FirstEnergy Services Corp. 
HQ Energy Services (U.S.) Inc. 
Hess Energy Trading Company LLC 
J. Aron & Company 
Kinder Morgan Texas Pipeline, L.P. 
Louis Dreyfus Corporation 
Marathon Oil Company 
Mieco Inc. 
Mirant Americas Energy Marketing, L.P. 
NJR Energy Services Company 
NRG Power Marketing Inc. 
Nexen Marketing 
Nicor Gas Company 
Northern Indiana Public Service Company 
ONEOK Energy Marketing and Trading Company, L.P. 
Occidental Energy Marketing, Inc. 
PG&E Energy Trading - Power, L.P. 
PG&E Energy Trading-Gas Corporation 
PSEG Energy Resources & Trade LLC 
PanCanadian Energy Services Inc. 
Petrocom Energy Group, Ltd. 
Power Merchants Group, LLC 
Prior Energy Corporation 
Reliant Energy Services, Inc. 
Sempra Energy Trading Corp. 
Smith Barney AAA Energy Fund L.P. 
TXU Energy Trading Company 
Tenaska Marketing Ventures 
Texaco Natural Gas Inc. 
Texla Energy Management Inc. 
The New Power Company 
Tractebel Energy Marketing, Inc. 
TransAlta Energy Marketing Corp. 
TransCanada Energy Marketing USA, Inc. 
USGT/Aquila, L.P. 
Virginia Electric and Power Company 
Western Gas Resources, Inc. 
Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company 
Xcel Energy Inc. 
e prime, inc. 

1. on family vacation how bout sep30-1
2.  already bot a second bed, but thanks for the offer

2 things:

1) sailing lessons sept. 22 - 23?
2) Until you buy one, can I put my spare bed in your new extra room.  Leaves you more money to buy other things!  Lisa is moving in for a few months and I need a place to put it.

k.

i'm blaming my p&l on you today

199.99+ $18 o/n shipping = 217.99

Visa 4128 0033 2341 1978 exp 8/02

shipping and billing address : 
John Arnold
909 Texas Ave #1812
Houston, TX 77002
713-557-3330

Ticketwarehouse@aol.com on 05/10/2001 01:20:57 AM
Pay Patrick Kenne, ticketwarehouse@aol.com, at paypal.com or bidpay.com, bid plus $12 for Fed-Ex Saver, or $18 for Fed-Ex overnight shipping. Put shipping info in note section. If you want Fed-Ex c.o.d., get a money order for bid plus $25 to Paula Fowler ready to give to fed-ex and e-mail me your shipping address. If you want to use paypal, add 1% to total, they charge me 2.3% now!!  If you are sending a money order, send to Patrick Kenne 2879 Timber Range Court Columbus, Ohio 43231.  Please include auction # and all shipping info.  Thanks, Pat 614-891-9707

Tammy:
can you send me another copy of the 6th floor seating chart
Thanks,
John

boo

ICE Melts Resistance ToOil Swaps.
 =20
09/03/2001
PetroleumIntelligence Weekly=20
P1=20
(c) 2001 Energy Intelligence Group. All rights reserved=20
The oil hedging business is poised to take another step up the evolutionary=
 ladder, after the upstart IntercontinentalExchange(ICE) confirmed plans to=
 offer clearing services for its over-the-counter contracts from the fourth=
 quarter of this year. With similar moves also planned by the New York Merc=
antile Exchange (Nymex), OTC contracts such as swaps are increasingly movin=
g into the mainstream. Long regarded as the wild cousins of regulated futur=
es, OTC oil contracts were distinguished by their fuzzy legal status, lack =
of standardization, and absence of clearing services. Changes in USlaw and =
the spread of electronic trade have pretty much eroded the first two differ=
ences, and the ICE initiative will deal with the third. The main difference=
s now lie in regulation and settlement (40#02-06). ICE'sclearing services w=
ill be provided by the London Clearing House (LCH) - the clearinghouse for =
London's International Petroleum Exchange (IPE), which was taken over by IC=
E last month. ICE will now be able to offer a one-stop hedging shop for cle=
ared futures and derivative contracts, allowing traders to use a single loc=
ation to conduct full hedging strategies and to pool their risk. One advant=
age is that it will allow net margining between IPE Brent futures and other=
 ICE products, such as West Texas Intermediate swaps. Clearinghouses offer =
financial risk protection, acting as a central party to shield traders agai=
nst counterparty default. Derivatives trade at ICE is currently conducted b=
etween companies on the basis of bilateral credit agreements.=20
ICE'sinitiative in part reflects its increasingly fierce competition with N=
ymex. The New Yorkexchange will this week launch its new Brent crude future=
s and options contracts, as a direct challenge to the merged ICE-IPE (40#35=
-04). In return, ICE will first introduce clearing services for two activel=
y traded USproducts, involving West Texas Intermediate crude oil swaps and =
Henry Hub natural gas swaps. These swaps are the planned centerpiece for Ny=
mex'slong-delayed internet platform, eNymex(40#04-05). They also pose a pot=
ential challenge to Nymex'stwo core futures contracts, if trade migrates to=
 swaps. Some traders view swaps as more effective hedging tools. Calendar-m=
onth WTI swaps, for example, are widely used to hedge against producer or r=
efiner supply contracts, which use average prices during calendar rather th=
an contract months.=20
The evolution of swaps is also part of a deeper market trend, which has bee=
n actively encouraged by the USgovernment and some big energy companies. Th=
e UShas been working to give derivatives a stronger legal framework since t=
he late 1990s, after Russiadefaulted on its debt and the Long-Term Capital =
Management hedge fund came to the brink of collapse. That effort culminated=
 in legislation late last year giving derivatives a stronger legal footing,=
 thus eliminating the chance that parties might renege on unfavorable contr=
acts by claiming they were really unauthorized futures deals. The spread of=
 electronic trade - particularly on ICE - has accelerated the change, by en=
couraging liquid trade in standardized products. This is no accident. In an=
 interview with PIW a year ago, John Browne, chief executive of BP - one of=
 ICE'sfounders - said that the platform had been set up in an attempt to cr=
eate "a real exchange market for swaps, rather than simply one-off, over-th=
e-counter activity." This would make hedging more transparent and efficient=
, while eroding the role of intermediaries, he said. Browne drew parallels =
with the earlier evolution of interest-rate swaps in financial markets, int=
o "a standardized business." (39#27-08).Last week, ICE Chief Executive Jeff=
rey Sprechersaid the exchange wants "to try to change the way the market wo=
rks."
 

713 557 3330

John,

Could I get your cell phone number?

Michael Salinas

7/3 you mf

baltimore -10
detroit +5
tampa bay -9
oakland -3
new orleans / buffalo under 37 .5
new england -1
seattle -3.5 
jacksonville -3
carolina +10
st louis -3
chargers -2.5 go flutie
miami + 6
 
All 150 
 
Used the Houston Cronicle on Friday.
 
 

 

Dear John,

Your subscription to the Wall Street Journal is due for renewal.  The cost of the subscription with the corporate discount is $175.00.

If you are interested in continuing to receive this publication, please send me your Company and Cost Center numbers and an update of your building location if it has changed since last year.

Thank you,
Stephanie E. Taylor
eSource
5-7928

<Embedded Picture (Metafile)>

can you pay this

Thanks, John
 - invoice enron 9950.doc 

poookss:
on a scale of 1-10 how good is this guy?

John,
I have a friend at HBS who is interested in trading at Enron.  I think I
told you about him several weeks ago, he was a deriv trader at a bank in
Israel.  Anyway, I hope it is still ok for him to drop you a line.  Let me
know if there are any issues.
EP

ppooookkkksss
on a scale of 1-10 how bad is the name Gad Casby?

John,
I have a friend at HBS who is interested in trading at Enron.  I think I
told you about him several weeks ago, he was a deriv trader at a bank in
Israel.  Anyway, I hope it is still ok for him to drop you a line.  Let me
know if there are any issues.
EP

when do i have baseball tix for?

can you have Kathy Gribstald (?) send me an electronic copy of the picture that appeared in the Enside mag??

Please be advised that the Option Advisory Committee meeting will be at 4:00
eastern time, May 31, 2001.

Matthew Schaefer
New York Mercantile Exchange
212.299.2612

Scott:
Condolences to the Carr family.
If you need to reach me for any reason, I can be reached at 713-853-3293

Because of the tragedy in New York, all accounts are being handled out of
Chicago.
Please direct any questions to Mike Heffner, Rob Vujtech and I here in
Chicago at 312-762-1010 or 800-326-5493. We are attempting to contact every
customer today.
Any one who receives this email and dealt with our New York office, I will
need your telephone numbers.
Thank you for your help in this matter.
Scott

Scott Oblander
312-762-1015
312-762-1014 fax
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker
Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606

my old carrier went out of biz this week, convenient huh?  so i do not have service as of 2 days ago.

I need a copy of an old bill to cancel service at your current location and I have our IT group using their connections to try and have your DSL installed quickly at your new location.  Will let you know a date as soon as I get an answer.

-Ina

John-

Here are 2 scanned photos of you - one in pdf. form and the other in jpg.  

Let me know if you need anything else.

Kathie Grabstald

 - JArnold.pdf 
 - JohnArnold.jpg 

thank you

John-

Here are 2 scanned photos of you - one in pdf. form and the other in jpg.  

Let me know if you need anything else.

Kathie Grabstald

 - JArnold.pdf << File: JArnold.pdf >> 
 - JohnArnold.jpg << File: JohnArnold.jpg >> 

you make me so jealous

 here's a pic of my new boyfriend. what do you think of him?

 - my guy.jpg << File: my guy.jpg >> 

Bob:
Work with me on this.  I'm looking at the doc now and will have comments later today.
John

John,

I'm trying to put together the proposal for the exchange.  Who should I work with to nail down the Specialist structure.  We can handle the technical structure.  Attached is the draft proposal that I put together to begin developing a term sheet.  The Specialist requirements and incentives were my initial thoughts.

Bob Shults
EnronOnline LLC
Houston, Texas 77002-7361
713 853-0397
713 825-6372 cell
713 646-2126
bob.shults@enron.com

Jeff:
The trade did go in yesterday to book "oil-price-spec".  If this is not the right book, email or call.
john

We have the whole curve out.  The nymex is just another trading platform that is inconsequential to markets we make except for arb opportunities and for the fact that our swaps settle against the nymex settlement.  our volume is pretty normal at this point.

John,
I'm down in Brazil and I understand we are trading Oct fixed price forwards without the NYMEX being open? is this the case?  How much volume? Are we trading out into the back of the curve?

I shouldn't say I'm surprised, but my jaw is hitting the floor.  Shit, great job!

Frank

i've been selling.  was long 500 and selling out.  everybody will  be expecting the crude draws.  they dont matter.  think this is tremendously bearish all energy demand.  supply shocks are the only question, but I dont think US will end up fighting a war against the middle east.  Who cares if we nuke afghanistan?  

nice move--stats will be very very bullish---especially padd I and II--expect big draws.
jf

all I hear is that all the funds are going to get squeezed as soon as the nymex opens.  fuck, i don't know, but I'm not going get long crude hoping to squeeze the funds.  lost that game too many times.

nice move--stats will be very very bullish---especially padd I and II--expect big draws.
jf

Please be advised that there will be a meeting of the Options Advisory
Committee on Thursday, May 31, 2001 in Room 1012 on the 10th floor in the
NYMEX building.  Video conference facilities will also be set up at the
NYMEX office in Houston for those who wish to participate there.  The agenda
is attached.

 <<OPTIONS ADVISORY COMMITTEE May 31, 2001.doc>>

 - OPTIONS ADVISORY COMMITTEE May 31, 2001.doc 

huh?
how does nymex work?

all I hear is that all the funds are going to get squeezed as soon as the nymex opens.  fuck, i don't know, but I'm not going get long crude hoping to squeeze the funds.  lost that game too many times.

nice move--stats will be very very bullish---especially padd I and II--expect big draws.
jf

the nymex is so technologically incompetent that they have no idea.   after working on it for 18 months they're trying to buy are technology now

oops enymex

huh?
how does nymex work?

all I hear is that all the funds are going to get squeezed as soon as the nymex opens.  fuck, i don't know, but I'm not going get long crude hoping to squeeze the funds.  lost that game too many times.

nice move--stats will be very very bullish---especially padd I and II--expect big draws.
jf

if cash/futures is 10-15 then oct will have a very weak settle.

they are trying to use the regular access system on the internet which was supposed to come out two weeks ago but they delayed because the firewalls and security issues hadnt been solved

okay i guess i misunderstood the press release or the bubbleheads on cnbc--so they will be using the regular access electronic system for the 2 shortened sessions..and what do you think about 1-current cash to futs 20ng price in general--thanks
jf

the nymex is so technologically incompetent that they have no idea.   after working on it for 18 months they're trying to buy are technology now

oops enymex

huh?
how does nymex work?

all I hear is that all the funds are going to get squeezed as soon as the nymex opens.  fuck, i don't know, but I'm not going get long crude hoping to squeeze the funds.  lost that game too many times.

nice move--stats will be very very bullish---especially padd I and II--expect big draws.
jf

Scary how we have the same sense of humor.  Havent told anybody yet.  So I have a favor to ask: whether we never talk again, just become good friends, or grow old together with 6 kids, please never,ever refer to me as the energy guy.  You can refer to him as that, just not me.  
Officially tired of watching the news.  Actually there is very little new about it.  Channel 12: the local viewpoint.  CNN: the national viewpoint.  CNBC:  the business viewpoint.  ESPN: the sports viewpoint.  Pat Robertson Channel: God's viewpoint.  The politicians all hold news conferences and talk for 15 minutes and say nothing.  "We interrupt the State Dept's news conference to bring you the Justice Dept's news conference where we expect there going to say 'no comment at this time' frequently."  I have a tv on my desk at work that is on constantly just in case something happens, but meanwhile it's driving me nuts.
Just found out another girl I knew is missing. I was supposed to go out with this girl a couple years ago on a blind date but it never went through.  I met her after that.  
So let's talk about something better.  We'll start shallow.  What kind of music do you like?  
John

Thanks for understanding my special little e-mail pal. That's cute. Yeah,
it's funny when I re-read the e-mail about the not being funny as me
comment. I feel like such a loser for being mean especially with all the
things going on right now. I actually have one really good friend that I
broke down and told about our little "internet encounter" and I was telling
her about the "not as funny as me" comment and she was cracking up saying
that I have told her that many times in not so many words. My life is a
Seinfeld episode. She reminded me of an incident when energy guy met some of
my friends from work and every time he started to control the conversation,
I would talk over him because I was embarrassed of what he might say. I'm
seriously going to he@@. How mean am I? Anyway, we share the same viewpoint
on relationships. I KNOW I get pickier as I get older. Not only do you know
more about what you want, you know a hell of a lot more about what you don't
want and what you are and are not able to tolerate. I'm so different than I
was at 20. It's hilarious how much you put up with when your really young.
Relationships should be easy. ESPECIALLY in the first year. That's why I
know I need to do something about my situation soon. We have way too many
issues for 3 and a half months. Are you kidding me?!

Family. One brother (26) and goes to U of H. Not graduate school. He's still
working on a bachelor degree. He's a whole conversation in itself. I love
him to death but he still has so much growing up to do. He acts like he's 16
instead of 26. Mom and Dad still live down in Lake Jackson. Dad's remarried
and Mom just got her second divorce. Ask me why I'm scared of being in bad
relationships? Ha. The grandparents of whom I'm incredible close to live in
LJ as well. I usually make it down there every other Sunday as there health
is fading and it breaks my heart. They are touch old birds though. Cute as
hell and have been married 65 years. I know!! Amazing.

Well, let's see. Oh, no way you are funnier than me. :) We'll see. I will
write your cell down. I'm kind of panicking because I cant find my cell
phone this morning. Not good considering I have every number imaginable
programed in there. Not too smart. I think I may have left it at the nail
shop yesterday. I call it. It rings but not in my place or car. Not good.

Hey, have a good day and I'll talk with you soon. I'll send you some more
pictures. Some are pretty old. I had really short hair last year but I was
still cute. Kidding. A little.

Later,

d

Mark your calendar.  The Enron Management Conference will be held Wednesday through Friday, Nov. 14-16, 2001, at the Westin La Cantera Resort in San Antonio, Texas.  

This has been an eventful and challenging year for Enron.  As I've said before, we are a company that continues to look to the future, and there are many exciting things on the horizon.  Please join me at this year's conference to plan our strategy and success for the new year and beyond.  

Watch for an agenda and registration information in the next few weeks.  I look forward to a good meeting and to seeing you there.

Regards,
Ken Lay

I don't remember him but it is my understanding nobody has been heard from that worked in the Carr office in the wtc.

Do you remember Jim Paul from Carr?  He kept calling me about setting up a margin line for you to trade on and eventually we decided that it was not a good idea for Enron.  He visited me in Houston with a large team of people on the subject.  I called Credit Agricole (owner of Carr) in Houston and sadly it is feared that he did not make it out from the World Trade Center.  

Please call me in the morning so I can 3-way with an EOL technical rep to find out happened.  One looked at it this afternoon, and according to his preliminary analysis, the order was placed at 10:57 and never canceled.  Obviously that is counter to your knowledge of the transaction.  Let's straighten this out first thing in the morning.
John

John,

As per our phone conversation, I do not recognize the sale of half a day of
Cal03 NYMEX at 3.3775 on EOL. I had put in an order at that level but
canceled
it immediately.
Furthermore, the EOL log I get says that the order was valid until 10:57:13
whereas the execution timestamp is 11:00:29

Regards,

Panagiotis.
(212) 224-7055

13 September 2001 3:28 PM

Hey, by the way, did you ever find your cell phone???
Network traffic very heavy right now so you might not get this until tonight.
John

Gad:
Sorry for the extremely late response.  Despite the fact that Eva referred you, we would have interest in meeting with you about emplyment opps. I was planning on going to NY in a couple weeks but at this point, I don't know.  I would highly recommend that you follow the formal recruitment program in addition to any talks we have.  Although I can recommend to make you an offer, it is much easier if it is done in parallel with the associate recruitment program.  After the current events calm down, we can talk via phone about my experience here and why I think there are some good opportunities here.

Dear Mr. Arnold:

I was referred to you by Ms. Eva Pao.  I am a second year MBA student at
Harvard Business School, writing to express interest in exploring potential
employment opportunities with Enron.  In particularly, I am interested in
derivatives trading.

I have attached my resume for your convenience. As you can see, my
professional experience has been in a variety of roles within financial
institutions and specifically, managing a currency trading-desk, before
starting my MBA.

I would appreciate an opportunity to meet with you or with one of your
colleagues, on a formal or informal basis, who might be in the Boston or NYC
areas in the next few months.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,

Gad Caspy

24 Peabody Terrace # 1801
Cambridge, MA 02138
H (617) 876 2306

Harvard Business School
MBA 2002

 - Gad_Caspy_Resume.doc << File: Gad_Caspy_Resume.doc >> 

done

thanks for contacting him.  you are tops.
ep

SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/10/2001 07:50:19 AM
Notice # 01-154
May 7, 2001

TO:
All NYMEX Division Members and Member Firms

FROM:
Neal L. Wolkoff, Executive Vice President

RE:
Implementation of New NYMEX Rule 9.11A ("Give-Up Trades")

DATE:
May 7, 2001
===========================================================
Please be advised that beginning on the trade date of Friday, June 1, 2001,
new NYMEX Rule 9.11A ("Give-Up Trades") will go into effect.

!    In the absence of an applicable give-up agreement, new Rule 9.11A will
define the respective responsibilities/obligations to an order of executing
brokers, customers and Clearing Members.

!    The term "executing broker" as used in Rule 9.11A refers to the
registered billing entity, Member Firm or Floor Broker to whom the order is
transmitted.

!    Rule 9.11 will provide that, in the absence of an applicable give-up
agreement, a Clearing Member may reject a trade only if: (1) the trade
exceeds trading limits established by the Clearing Member for that customer
that have been communicated to the executing broker as provided by the rule
or (2) the trade is an error for which the executing broker is responsible.

!    The new rule also places affirmative obligations on executing brokers
to confirm Clearing Member authorization for an account.  For example,
prior to an executing broker accepting and executing an initial order for
any new customer account, such executing broker must confirm with the
Clearing Member by telephonic, electronic or written means, that:
(a)  the customer has a valid account with the Clearing Member;
(b)  the account number;
(c)  the brokerage rate;
(d)  the customer is authorized by the Clearing Member to place orders with
the executing broker for that account; and
(e)  a listing or summary of persons authorized to place orders for that
account.
Moreover, the executing broker must retain a copy of the authorization or
the specifics of the telephonic confirmation, which includes: opposite
party, date, time, and any other relevant information.  The Compliance
Department will conduct periodic audits of such records, and falsification
of such information shall be the basis for disciplinary action.

If you have any questions concerning this new rule, please contact Bernard
Purta, Senior Vice President, Regulatory Affairs and Operations, at (212)
299- 2380; Thomas LaSala, Vice President, NYMEX Compliance Department, at
(212) 299-2897; or Arthur McCoy, Vice President, Financial Surveillance
Section, NYMEX Compliance Department, at (212) 299-2928,

NEW RULE 9.11A ("Give-Up Trades")

(Entire rule is new.)

Rule 9.11A     Give-Up Trades

In the absence of a give-up agreement whose terms and conditions govern the
responsibilities/obligations of executing brokers, customers and Clearing
Members, the following rules shall define the respective
responsibilities/obligations of those parties to an order.  The "executing
broker", as used in this rule, is the registered billing entity, Member
Firm or Floor Broker to whom the order is transmitted.

(A)    Responsibilities/Obligations of Clearing Members

(1). Limits Placed by Clearing Member.   A Clearing Member may, in its
discretion, place trading limits on the trades it will accept for give-up
for a customer's account from an executing broker, provided however, that
the executing broker receives prior written or electronic notice from the
Clearing Member of the trading limits on that account.  Notice must be
received by the executing broker in a timely manner.  A copy of such notice
shall be retained by the Clearing Member.

(2). Trade Rejection.  A Clearing Member may reject ("DK") a trade only if:
(1) the trade exceeds the trading limits established under Section I(A) of
this rule for that customer and it has been communicated to the executing
broker as described in Subsection (A); or (2) the trade is an error for
which the executing broker is responsible.  If a Clearing Member has a
basis for rejecting a trade, and chooses to do so in accordance with the
provisions of Rule 2.21(B), it must notify the executing broker promptly.

(3). Billing.  A Clearing Member will pay all floor brokerage fees incurred
for all transactions executed by the executing broker for the customer and
subsequently accepted by the Clearing Member by means of the ATOM system.
Floor brokerage fees will be agreed upon in advance among the Clearing
Member, customer and the executing broker.

(B)  Responsibilities/Obligations of Executing Brokers

(1)  Customer Order Placement.  An executing broker will be responsible for
determining that all orders are placed or authorized by the customer.  Once
an order has been accepted, a broker or the broker's clerk must:

(a)  confirm the terms of the order with the customer;
(b)  accurately execute the order according to its terms;
(c)  confirm the execution of the order to the customer as soon as
practicable; and
(d)  transmit such executed order to the Clearing Member as soon as
practicable in accordance with Exchange Rules and procedures.

2.   Use of Other Persons.  Unless otherwise agreed in writing, the
executing broker is allowed to use the services of another broker in
connection with the broker's obligations under these rules.  The executing
broker remains responsible to the customer and Clearing Member under these
rules.

3.    Executing Broker Responsibility for Verifying Clearing Member
Authorization.  Prior to a broker accepting and executing an initial order
for any new customer account, the executing broker must confirm with the
Clearing Member by telephonic, electronic or written means, that:
(f)  the customer has a valid account with the Clearing Member;
(g)  the account number;
(h)  the brokerage rate;
(i)  the customer is authorized by the Clearing Member to place orders with
the executing broker for that account; and
(j)  a listing or summary of persons authorized to place orders for that
account.
The executing broker must retain a copy of the authorization or the
specifics of the telephonic confirmation, which includes: opposite party,
date, time, and any other relevant information.  The falsification of such
information shall be the basis for disciplinary action.

4.   Rejection of Customer Order.  Where an executing broker has confirmed
Clearing Member authorization to execute orders on behalf of a customer in
accordance with this Rule 9.11A, the broker may, in the broker's
discretion, reject an order that the customer transmits to the broker for
execution.  The broker shall promptly notify the customer and the Clearing
Member(s) of any such rejection.

      Carr Futures
      150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
      Chicago, IL 60606  USA
      Tel:  312-368-6149
      Fax:  312-368-2281
      soblander@carrfut.com
      http://www.carrfut.com

bid it up on low volume....
thanks

 
i dont know who does what anymore up there--please forward to right person.

Attached please find a Request for Proposal.  Ascentergy Corporation, on behalf of American Rice, Inc., requests natural gas proposals for supplying American Rice's Freeport, Texas facility commencing January 1, 2002.  This facility is served by the Dow Pipeline system.  American Rice has transportation on Dow from Katy.  Proposals are due September 20, 2001.  Thank you for your consideration.
 
Chuck Pavlica
Ascentergy Corporation
440 Benmar, Suite 1060
Houston, TX  77060
(281) 447-7376 ext. 117
(281) 447-7310 fax
email: cpavlica@enerad.com <mailto:cpavlica@enerad.com>

This is a summary of my position and trading goals today.  Advise if you dont agree.

 

Dear Mr. Arnold:

For the ACCESS 2001 Beta Testing please log onto the ACCESS 2001 Beta
Testing web-site at http://www.nymexaccess.com

User Name:  John Arnold
User Login ID:  e96
User Password:  betatest

Please see the attached documents for instructions and information.  If you
have any questions please direct them to the BETA Test Lab at 212-299-2819
or the NCSCC at 1-800-438-8616.  Thank you for your participation.

Regards,
Mildred Rodriguez
212-299-2654

 <<AUGUST Access 2001 Client Machine Configuration0823.doc>>  <<AUGUST NYMEX
ACCESS FAQ's SYS USERS 8-23-02_.doc>>  <<Citrix Login Memo aug22.doc>>

 - AUGUST Access 2001 Client Machine Configuration0823.doc 
 - AUGUST NYMEX ACCESS FAQ's SYS USERS 8-23-02_.doc 
 - Citrix Login Memo aug22.doc 

yea, what are you doing after?

going to work out with dean at 4 - wanna go?

Post Midtown Square

What is the name of the new complex you moved to?

_ina

 
 
Based on questions I have received, I wanted to make sure everyone had the same information in preparing their bid on the American Rice natural gas RFP.
 
American Rice holds transportation on Dow moving gas from the various pipeline interconnects with Dow at Katy to their facility in Freeport. ARI will give you monthly nominations and be responsible for imbalances on Dow.  If you provide an index related price, we would like the option to convert it to a fixed price at our option.
 
I hope this helps you in your bid preparation.  Proposals are due September 20, 2001.  Thank you for your consideration.
 
Chuck Pavlica
Ascentergy Corporation
440 Benmar, Suite 1060
Houston, TX  77060
(281) 447-7376 ext. 117
(281) 447-7310 fax
email: cpavlica@enerad.com <mailto:cpavlica@enerad.com>

p&l +/- 48

I apologize for the mass email, but I thought this was a simple, yet
powerful idea... especially as the opening bell on Wall Street just rang.

I pray that each of you are safe and sound.  Please note my contact info
below, especially if we haven't kept in touch as well as we should.  I'm
sure we're all feeling the need to connect with old friends...

Take care of yourselves,
Heather

Heather Lockhart Robertson
Clough Capital Partners, LP
260 Franklin Street
Boston, MA  02110
P: 617-204-3409
F: 617-204-3434
hlockhart@mba1997.hbs.edu

We CAN help America TODAY

No doubt you have heard dire predictions about the financial devastation
that will occur when the US stock market re-opens. This will be a second
devastating attack on America if we allow it to happen.

We DON'T have to allow it to happen. Here's what YOU can do to help
prevent
it...

When the markets re-open, in a show of support and solidarity, BUY at
least one share of stock in a U.S. company.

Open your minds to imagine what a SLAP in the face of terrorism it would
be if the American  markets actually RISE instead of PLUNGE when they
re-open!

Can you think of a STRONGER message we could send to those who would
seek to destroy our way of life?

This e-mail is sponsored by noone, so if you also have a
suggestion for people without stock accounts, please add that information
before you forward this e-mail.

If we all participate in a massive stock selloff, then we are BOWING
to terrorism. We do NOT have to do that. We have a choice.

People by the hundreds of thousands are lining up to donate one pint
of blood. Think of the effect  we can have if we line up in the same way
to contribute to the American economy!

For very little money you can DO something to show would-be terrorists
that they will NOT win.

                         YOU CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE!

Take part in this revolution and forward this e-mail to everyone on your
mailing list. We can reverse the tide of the finanical carnage throughout
the world just by doing that.

Do you want to show support for America? Then show support for American
companies.

WHEN THE US MARKETS RE-OPEN, BUY AT LEAST ONE SHARE OF STOCK IN A U.S
COMPANY.

Imagine the headlines we will read when we all make this happen...

"US Financial Victory -- Of the People, By the People, and For the
People."

seems to me trade guys are getting royally fucked in crude

Russell:
Just fyi, they're willing to take us for 20 years.
John,
Attached are the volumes associated with the 20 yr Soc Gen deal we talked about.  I have yet to hear from credit.  I will let you know the status as it becomes available.

Eric

Hi Eric,

Please find below the detailed terms of a possible deal that we have been
talking about during our phone conversation this morning.

Nature of deal : If the transaction takes place, Societe Generale would sell a
financial fixed price swap (flat price, not basis differential) to Enron. The
monthly settlement would be financial. There would not be any  exchange of
physical product.

Period of the deal : June 1st, 2001 to January 31st, 2021.

Used Reference :  Natural Gas-Houston Ship Channel Index Inside FERC , monthly
settlement.

Volumes of the financial swap transaction : Please find below the volumes given
month by month in MMBTU.

(See attached file: volumes-10-5-01-for-Enron.xls)

Since there is a tiny chance that the deal trades today, could you please check
if you have credit with SG for this period.
If not, could you find out how much time it approximately takes to get the
credit.
In terms of credit, SG is good with Enron for this period.

Thank you,

Alexander Werner

 **************************************************************************
The information contained herein is confidential and is intended solely
for the addressee(s).  It shall not be construed as a recommendation to
buy or sell any security.  Any unauthorized access, use, reproduction,
disclosure or dissemination is prohibited.

Neither SOCIETE GENERALE nor any of its subsidiaries or affiliates
shall assume any legal liability or responsibility for any incorrect,
misleading or altered information contained herein.
 **************************************************************************

 - volumes-10-5-01-for-Enron.xls 

11:42:07 am    18 September 2001

Happy B-Day by the way.  Hope everything's going well.

We're having network problems again so I hope you get this soon.

i had to cover some.  too much risk.  rode most of it back down.  i think this whole event is bearish energy....

i'm going to assume you did nothuing about yr book and you are back exactly where you were before all this happened..correct?

seems to me trade guys are getting royally fucked in crude

nobody important

rumor we lost some power talent any truth?

seems to me trade guys are getting royally fucked in crude

good point

Please remind everyone to be mindful of elevator talk.  A consultant I know working in the Enron building overheard someone the other day saying talking about positions, price and pnl being lost?

Thanks,
Frank

your welcome

thanks

good point

Please remind everyone to be mindful of elevator talk.  A consultant I know working in the Enron building overheard someone the other day saying talking about positions, price and pnl being lost?

Thanks,
Frank

I'm going home.  Have fun tonight.  Talk to you tomorrow.  

The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  ? 2001 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Crude     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/crude37.pdf
Natural Gas     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/ngas37.pdf
Distillate     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/hoil37.pdf
Unleaded     http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/unlded37.pdf

Nat Gas Strip Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/StripmatrixNG37.pdf
Nat Gas Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixNG37.pdf

Crude and Products Spread Matrix
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/SpreadmatrixCL37.pdf

Scott Oblander
312-762-1015
312-762-1014 fax
Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker
Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606

I see I've made quite an impression on you msled.

danaggie@hotmail.com has sent you an MSN greeting!

To view your card, please click the following
Web address any time over the next three (3) weeks:

http://www.egreetings.msn.com/view.pd?i=50114264&m=4893&rr=y&source=msne999

Need some help?  See below!

*********************************
Perhaps your E-mail program doesn't recognize the Web address as an active link.
No problem!  You can copy and paste the Web address into your Web browser.

Here are instructions on how to copy and paste:

Step One:	With your mouse, highlight the *entire* Web address above
Step Two:	Select the EDIT menu and choose COPY
Step Three:	Go to your Web browser and *click inside* the window where
		you normally type a Web address to visit
Step Four:	Select the EDIT menu and choose PASTE
Step Five:	Now hit ENTER on your keyboard to take you to the Web address

It's that easy! :-)

If you need help or have a question about your greeting card, we're happy to
help. For further assistance, go to:
http://www.egreetings.msn.com/help/index.pd

(c)2001 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

I created 2 new deals that reversed the deals mentioned. 

Dear John,

Upon our telephone conversation, this is to confirm in writing that deal #
1882357 and 1882358 were VOIDED.

Thank you to confirm by a reply back.

Thank you again,

Herve

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
	----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for the addressees and are confidential. If you receive this message in error, please delete it and immediately notify the sender.

Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS (and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message if modified.

So, well....I was thinking, um, you know.  Uh, never mind.

But actually, I was wondering (cough,cough) that, well.  Ok, I'm just gonna say it.  Are you you ready.  Ok, here it goes...

Would you like to get a drink some time?

J

p.s.--Whew, I was never good at asking girls out but I think that went pretty smoothly.

danaggie@hotmail.com has sent you an MSN greeting!

To view your card, please click the following
Web address any time over the next three (3) weeks:

http://www.egreetings.msn.com/view.pd?i=50114264&m=4893&rr=y&source=msne999

Need some help?  See below!

*********************************
Perhaps your E-mail program doesn't recognize the Web address as an active link.
No problem!  You can copy and paste the Web address into your Web browser.

Here are instructions on how to copy and paste:

Step One:	With your mouse, highlight the *entire* Web address above
Step Two:	Select the EDIT menu and choose COPY
Step Three:	Go to your Web browser and *click inside* the window where
		you normally type a Web address to visit
Step Four:	Select the EDIT menu and choose PASTE
Step Five:	Now hit ENTER on your keyboard to take you to the Web address

It's that easy! :-)

If you need help or have a question about your greeting card, we're happy to
help. For further assistance, go to:
http://www.egreetings.msn.com/help/index.pd

(c)2001 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's
psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still
short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this
week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats
indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will
get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for
good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people
want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like
it did when we were trying to break $5.

i think the velocity of the down move will be much less severe from here.  still dont think this is equilibrium.  need to see aga coming in lower than expectations for a couple weeks signaling that we've moved down the demand curve.  think a lot of spec shorts are looking to take profits as we get close to the psychological 400 target.  market needs producer selling to get us through there.  have seen some as williams is starting to hedge barrett : hence the weakness in the back of the curve recently.  still going lower but it will be a tougher move from here.

what do you think now?
see you sunday

Agree with the first paragraph.

Bets get tougher from here.  Not so obvious and require much larger size to get same juice.  Generally not a good position considering the current world order, or disorder.  Not much juice in gas basis either.  This is where we see whether we are good traders or just great fundamentalists.  

Is there any truth to my thoughts or am I showing my ignorance?
I appreciate your feedback.

Thanks
Frank

Looks like all the schedule C activity, we will make quarterly earnings.  That being said, we've lost a lot of cushion and I predict that fourth quarter we will carry some large VAR going into year end.  Let me know if you think we should revisit limits, particularly if we need to offer up to Lavo and crew the best bet for Enron's risk capital.  

As an aside, I think the best bet may be gas.  Regarding gas, I'm thinking the "basis" bet is probably more likely than huge NYMEX bet given current NYMEX level may not have enough juice to provide required profit, this being said both price and basis horizon don't appear to have much trading topography?  In East power, we are dog piling length in the Pennsylvania area, an area without a significant gas fired stacks, shorting the Midwest, net net ending up long.   In the West, shorts are still driving risk and in the words of Chuck Berry -how low can it go? Limbo alone suggest we have to hit the dirt sometime, it is trading sub $40 handle

Frank

Hey:
1.  Theoretically we could agree upon a trade and cross it on ICE after hours when the risk that someone else gets inside is remote.  This is a prearranged trade and is illegal on Nymex, but it is my understanding it will be legal on ICE assuming ICE uses the IPE clearing platform, where prearranged trading is legal.   Agree about liquidity.  I dont think this really helps ICE's volumes, nor liquidity.  Funds want liquidity so they will not flock to ICE in the current state.  
2.  My guess is not intercommodity, but maybe intracommodity.  For instance, a gas daily swap against front month futures may have lower margin than the 2 trades additive.  

Important Note: ICE is our competition and I am very,very wary to support their system, unless absolutely necessary.

Hi.. 
I hope you are all ok.. I am sorry for any losses that may have touched your friends and family..

I looked at the ICE/LCH announcements.

I have a few questions:
1. Will ICE be able to work as a deal entry system as well as mechanism to post markets?

My concern here is that under the Deutsche proposal we would be able to do a deal with you over the phone and then post it to their system.. and no other market participant would be able to see that transaction.. it would then go straight to the clearing.

Currently, I'd say that only 2% of the time ICE has a tighter market than EOL.. this because they do not have the liquidity (and likely will not).

There is not a high probability we would ever contribute to this liquidity over our own system (Enron online) so the ability to deal directly with you in still imperative. 

2. Can margin at LCH be netted across products?

Looking forward to speaking.
Thanks and Regards,
Caroline

P.S. - Can you bring me some free samples of the bladder control medicine.  It'll save me some money.  

Please change my address of record to
John Arnold
2000 Bagby #15403=09
Houston 77002

Thanks,
John

[IMAGE]=09=09 [IMAGE] =09=09
 M. Penner For  Men  Contact: Morris Penner << File: mailto:morris@mpenner.=
com >>  Murry Penner << File: mailto:murry@mpenner.com >>  Butch Layne << F=
ile: mailto:butch@mpenner.com >>  Belinda Hanson << File: mailto:belinda@mp=
enner.com >>  Lee  Cliett << File: mailto:lee@mpenner.com >>  Scott Freeman=
 << File: mailto:scott@mpenner.com >>  Karen  Penner << File: mailto:karen@=
mpenner.com >>    Hours  Monday-Friday 10:30-6:30 Thursday till 8:00 Saturd=
ay 10-6      www.mpenner.com << File: http://www.mpenner.com/ >>  =09     A=
rmani Collezioni Fall 2001 Trunk Show Today &  Tomorrow, September 21-22   =
You are invited to  attend our Armani Collezioni Trunk Show this weekend.  =
A  representative will be in our store Thursday and Friday to answer  quest=
ions and assist you in selecting from this exceptional  collection.    In a=
ddition to the usual one-of-a kind  fabrics exclusive to Armani, we will al=
so feature a selection of  additional light weight fabrics, perfect for Hou=
ston's climate,  added specifically for the made to measure program.  Wheth=
er  you choose suits, sportcoats, trousers, or overcoats, garments made  to=
 your exact specifications will be delivered in about 5-6  weeks  We look f=
orward to seeing you in the  store this Thursday - Saturday. For more infor=
mation, contact your  sales person.    =09=09=09
=09=09=09 2950 Kirby Drive @ W.  Alabama,  Houston, Texas   713.527.8200 =
=09

 - storpic.jpg << File: storpic.jpg >>=20
 - MPNEWLOG.gif << File: MPNEWLOG.gif >>

you working out today?

I'm running out the door to go drinking with the boys at front porch, right next to my apartment.  

I don't think your dad would like me so much.  Will explain later.

Sorry about your day.  Maybe you can find some happiness in the book of prayers.  Maybe you can find more happiness in the money.

Talk to you later.

Sure, just remind me. It should cut down on your "depends" expenses as
well...

Today. Definitely in the top 10 as far as crappy days go. Started out great.
Breakfast with Dad was nice (LePeep by my house). He was very happy I broke
up with the energy guy. Wasn't too keen on him being Jewish. Dad's pretty
religious in his elder years. Gave me a book of prayers and money....That's
what I'm talkin' about!! (I'm going to he@@). Anyway, my boss calls me as we
are finishing up and asks me if I knew anything about a meeting I was
supposed to be working for NP's (nurse practitioners) at the Westin and I'm
like "Uh, No...never got the message". Well, never got the message because
she never sent it. Bottom line, I had to blow off all my plans(I was
actually planning on calling on doctors today and getting ready for my
monday program) and go work this meeting which isn't that big of deal. We
just stand around at display tables and answer questions from the
doctors/NP's. I was there for and hour and then went to lunch. I came back
for an hour and have to do some things here. The good thing about my boss is
she's very "hand's off". She stays out of your business unless you call her
for something. She has a life outside of this job which is rare for
managers. The bad thing is she can be "flighty" sometimes and forgets to
send things on or lets them pile up and we get the messages a week late
(which is probably what happened in this case)

Anyway, sorry about all the griping but I was on a roll!!

Hope your day has been good. You workin' out or goin' out after work?
Decisions. Decisions. Your gym sounds cool. Laughed at the physique comment.
So something I would have said.

Later,

d

_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp

wow...how did our guys do?

yea, that was for oct a couple hours before expiry.  dont have a whole lot of interest being fundamentally long crude.  maybe for a scalp buy if we get overdone which we might be this morn.  T Boone how?

also didnt you have a limit order in..for about 200..im assuming this was withdrawn
wow...how did our guys do?

are you going to the game 2 nite?

it wouldnt be fun if I were fair.

by the way

It's not fair for you to be mad at me until I don't deliver.  If that happens you can hate me.

john

maybe they're for more sophisticated palates

I pawned them off on my unsuspecting coworker - Phil.  He liked them!!

it's an aquired taste

those things are TERRIBLE!!!!

Lucky sob

gb -4 under 46.5
gb -4 over 34.5
wash +16 over 34.5
wasg +16 under 46.5

all 50

sorry,sorry,sorry 
Yesterday was just a little crazy.  Crude had it's biggest fall in 10 years so that translated into a very busy day.  Plus my best employee was just offered a job across the street for a big chunk of money.  At least I made money. 
I should be getting my phone line at home today (of course they've been saying that for 5 days now) at which point they can install dsl.  Thatll make it much easier.  
Went to the bb game again last night.  Love them stros.  
How'd you're presentation go last night? Did the doc talk good about your drug?
Have a good one,
Jonh

Good morning my SLED. How's it going? Just woke up...I know. I know. Must be
nice. Anyway, Just wanted to leave you a quick message before I get out of
here. Thanks for dinner. I had a really good time and it was good to meet
cha in person.

Have a great day!!

d

_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp

cold 11-15.  oct expires tomorrow.

is it real?

This picture was taken by a tourist atop  the World Trade Center. His
camera was found in the rubble, he has not yet been  found.

[IMAGE]

(See attached file: ATT209678.jpg)
(See attached file: ATT209678.jpg)

(See attached file: ATT209678.jpg)

 - ATT209678.jpg << File: ATT209678.jpg >> 

nobody from the first tower made it down, right?

Who knows?

is it real?

    -----Original Message-----
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Zerilli+2C+20Frank+22+20+3Cfzerilli+40POWERMERCHAN
TS+2ECOM+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com]

   Sent:   Tuesday, September 25, 2001 8:25 AM
   -----Original Message-----
   -----Original Message-----
   -----Original Message-----
   This picture was taken by a tourist atop  the World Trade Center. His
   camera was found in the rubble, he has not yet been  found.

   [IMAGE]

   (See attached file: ATT209678.jpg)
   (See attached file: ATT209678.jpg)

   (See attached file: ATT209678.jpg)

    - ATT209678.jpg << File: ATT209678.jpg >>

whats the name of the "priceline" type site that gives you an hour to buy the ticket. 

40 yard line 20th row in my hands

just got them.  thanks a lot

get them?

I have 4 tix sec 124 row 34 for tonight if you or anyone in your group wants them

thx for the update.  funny how the banks will deal with us and ospraie won't.  oh well, nothing we can do.

Hi- thought you'd want to know some of the recent equity comments from a few of the funds.  Bad comments first.. ENE: Ospraie, one of the Tudor funds has actually been reducing all their trading exposure to us becuase of our "credit situation".  At one point they probably had a 12,000 contract short gas position with us where we might have 1000 lots on now.  They have studied our financials for the last 2 years and like the rest of wall street can not determine how to value us.. I think the bigger concern though is our credit line situation.  Its been leaked that the availability of our borrowing is linked to stock price.. obviously the street does not know the real details but the fact these rumors are out there and lack of statements by us to the contrary are causing some to panic.  I've heard the same come out of SAC which is a 5 B equity shop who also put on the favorite short-ENE.  SAC has just started trading with us.
 
I am not sure what to do about this.. luckily Ospraie is the only group commenting on our credit.  I am not having any problems YET with any of the banks except CSFB- and thats not new.. I have not been able to trade with them for the last year.  I am anticipating problems which is why I am trying to work out a clearing system in the interim.
 
I am sure Ken will do a better job of putting some of these fears to rest.. and the street will be able to assign us a PE in line with other trading companies (8-10) plus some growth component (5) for developing businesses.  And at $20, they reckon we get taken out anyway.. the fact remains that Enron has major franchise value.
 
Good news- Ospraie covered their short at $30 when PGE resiolution came out Thursday and we rallied $4.
 
Other comments from Catequil.. they generally think a lot of the energy sector (E+Ps) are close to bottom.  They also commented that they are likely to buy El Paso at a 10.5 PE soon (even though ours is currently 12.5 and they believe in us) because they just have more access to El Paso Sr Mgmt and understand their biz better.  (Lot of El Paso and Dynegy support out there).  They were never short us.
 
On other names:
EOG- could see it down to $22 but see $35 based on NAV more realistic.  Like EOG and Chesapeake- well hedged.
 
Also like Philips/ Statoil on the Alaskan gas play as well as the fact that they have 0 mid-east exposure.
 
Like Talisman- only has exposure in Sydan, Nexus- Yemen

Hot like wasabi when I bust rhymes
Big like Leann Rimes
Because I'm all about value

god i hope so

stop sending me these

                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                            Intercontinenta=
lExchange                                                                  =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                            =20
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                     Firm P=
ower Price Bulletin                                                        =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                     =20
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                     For Po=
wer Delivered on Friday, September 28, 2001                                =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                  =20
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                            (Trade Date of =
Thursday, September 27, 2001)                                              =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                   =20
Click here to access index history << File: http://www.intcx.com/Subscriber=
Servlet/subscriberservlet.class?operation=3DpowerIndexForm&hub=3DAll >> .  =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
   =20
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                            * volume repres=
ents sell-side only *                                                      =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                   =20

Hub=09High=09Low=09Wtd Avg Index=09Change ($)=09Vol (Mwh)=09
Cinergy=09         $17.85=09         $16.50=09         $17.59=09-    .07=09=
          64,000=09
Comed=09         $17.00=09         $15.00=09         $16.08=09-   1.68=09  =
         4,800=09
Entergy=09         $17.10=09         $16.25=09         $16.55=09+    .16=09=
          15,200=09
Nepool=09         $32.25=09         $31.10=09         $31.67=09-   3.69=09 =
          8,000=09
PJM-West=09         $24.00=09         $23.45=09         $23.70=09-    .84=
=09          24,800=09
SP-15=09         $22.75=09         $22.25=09         $22.52=09-   2.51=09  =
         3,600=09
TVA=09         $18.00=09         $17.25=09         $17.58=09+    .53=09    =
       9,600=09

                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                            Includes all tr=
ades done from 6 AM to 11 AM Central Prevailing Time on the trade date spec=
ified for financially firm power delivered during the on-peak hours (6 AM -=
 10 PM CPT for Eastern hubs / 6 AM - 10 PM Pacific Prevailing Time for West=
ern hubs) on the delivery date(s) specified.                               =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                         =20
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                         In=
tercontinentalExchange is the world's most liquid trading platform for over=
-the-counter energy and metals.  Active markets include North American powe=
r and natural gas, global crude and refined oil products, and precious meta=
ls.  Traded instruments include forwards, swaps, and options.              =
                                                                           =
                                                     =20
To become an Exchange Participant or inquire about the indices, please cont=
act sales@intcx.com << File: mailto:sales@intcx.com >> .                   =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                          =
=20
This information is sent to you free of charge and may be redistributed in =
its entirety.  Republishing in any other form is prohibited.               =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
=20
If this was forwarded by a friend and you would like to receive your own da=
ily bulletin, click here to subscribe << File: http://www.intcx.com/subscri=
be.html >> .                                                               =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                          =
=20
To unsubscribe from this service, click here unsubscribe << File: http://ww=
w.intcx.com/subscribe.html >> .                                            =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                       =20
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                        ?Copyright Intercon=
tinentalExchange, Inc. 2001, All Rights Reserved.                          =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                                                           =
                                             

do you and brad have a minute to sit down today?

John,

We finally heard from Bo.  Looks like we may be getting together soon to discuss our proposal.  I would like to get back together with you concerning the specialist requirements and incentives when you can.  I've attached my draft for you to look at.

I also received a call from Mark B. Fisher.  Apparently Mark caught wind that Bo talked to us.  Mark is excited about the opportunity of the locals getting access to EnronOnline numbers.  Mark wants to clear the local trades on EnronOnline and enymex.

Let me know how you want to proceed. Thanks

Bob
X30397

sorry for such a slow response...as you can imagine, things are a bit
hectic.  Why don't we plan on talking next monday...i may be in houston and
perhaps we could have breakfast?

Bo,

I hope all is well for you, your family, friends and associates. 

I'm sure you and your team are working 24 hours a day to keep the
exchange open.  We would like to share some ideas with you when you have
some time.  Please give me a call. 

Bob Shults
EnronOnline LLC
Houston, Texas 77002-7361
713 853-0397
713 825-6372 cell
713 646-2126
bob.shults@enron.com

see you there

can you do it around 4:15 in Brad's office 2711?

do you and brad have a minute to sit down today?

John,

We finally heard from Bo.  Looks like we may be getting together soon to discuss our proposal.  I would like to get back together with you concerning the specialist requirements and incentives when you can.  I've attached my draft for you to look at.

I also received a call from Mark B. Fisher.  Apparently Mark caught wind that Bo talked to us.  Mark is excited about the opportunity of the locals getting access to EnronOnline numbers.  Mark wants to clear the local trades on EnronOnline and enymex.

Let me know how you want to proceed. Thanks

Bob
X30397

sorry for such a slow response...as you can imagine, things are a bit
hectic.  Why don't we plan on talking next monday...i may be in houston and
perhaps we could have breakfast?

Bo,

I hope all is well for you, your family, friends and associates. 

I'm sure you and your team are working 24 hours a day to keep the
exchange open.  We would like to share some ideas with you when you have
some time.  Please give me a call. 

Bob Shults
EnronOnline LLC
Houston, Texas 77002-7361
713 853-0397
713 825-6372 cell
713 646-2126
bob.shults@enron.com

Seems a little out of whack but as we seen time and time again, fundamental relationships don't have to hold in the short term.

Hey JA

Have you looked at TZ6 vs HEat or resid. (ja-feb02) ? That basis seems awfully high. What are your thoughts?

thanks
JF

BBB+ credits dont go bankrupt overnight.  we can get downgraded overnight, though.  put a clause in the contract that if we get downgraded below inv grade there is some sort of orderly liquidation of the swaps.  talk to credit about how we handle this with others.

any thoughts on how to give people comfort that we are not going bankrupt?  
 
we can talk about it next week.

thx for the update.  funny how the banks will deal with us and ospraie won't.  oh well, nothing we can do.

Hi- thought you'd want to know some of the recent equity comments from a few of the funds.  Bad comments first.. ENE: Ospraie, one of the Tudor funds has actually been reducing all their trading exposure to us becuase of our "credit situation".  At one point they probably had a 12,000 contract short gas position with us where we might have 1000 lots on now.  They have studied our financials for the last 2 years and like the rest of wall street can not determine how to value us.. I think the bigger concern though is our credit line situation.  Its been leaked that the availability of our borrowing is linked to stock price.. obviously the street does not know the real details but the fact these rumors are out there and lack of statements by us to the contrary are causing some to panic.  I've heard the same come out of SAC which is a 5 B equity shop who also put on the favorite short-ENE.  SAC has just started trading with us.
 
I am not sure what to do about this.. luckily Ospraie is the only group commenting on our credit.  I am not having any problems YET with any of the banks except CSFB- and thats not new.. I have not been able to trade with them for the last year.  I am anticipating problems which is why I am trying to work out a clearing system in the interim.
 
I am sure Ken will do a better job of putting some of these fears to rest.. and the street will be able to assign us a PE in line with other trading companies (8-10) plus some growth component (5) for developing businesses.  And at $20, they reckon we get taken out anyway.. the fact remains that Enron has major franchise value.
 
Good news- Ospraie covered their short at $30 when PGE resiolution came out Thursday and we rallied $4.
 
Other comments from Catequil.. they generally think a lot of the energy sector (E+Ps) are close to bottom.  They also commented that they are likely to buy El Paso at a 10.5 PE soon (even though ours is currently 12.5 and they believe in us) because they just have more access to El Paso Sr Mgmt and understand their biz better.  (Lot of El Paso and Dynegy support out there).  They were never short us.
 
On other names:
EOG- could see it down to $22 but see $35 based on NAV more realistic.  Like EOG and Chesapeake- well hedged.
 
Also like Philips/ Statoil on the Alaskan gas play as well as the fact that they have 0 mid-east exposure.
 
Like Talisman- only has exposure in Sydan, Nexus- Yemen

How about next wednesday??

I think it's time for our semi-annual sushi dinner.....

I actually went to go talk to him yesterday but he was already gone and he's on vacation today.  I'll talk to him next week.  Probably better for him to hear the benfits from my mouth.  We do need to talk to him before we get too far.  
 
EOL working very well as of late.

I have not spoken to Lavo about the potential eNYMEX deal where you are a specialist, etc.  I know you and Richter are back working on it but let me know if you want me to speak to him about it or if you want to do it or if you think we should wait awhile.
 
Everything else OK with EOL, etc.?
 
Thanks.
 

Greg Piper 
Chief Executive Officer

Enron Net Works, LLC

  _____  

 

there are few scenarios whereby that spread comes in except if you take it to settlement.  if dec is strong, jan is strong too.  if dec is weak, jan retains some risk premium.  

well TZ6 has been very very very high in those two months for some time. In particular, I can't understand the dec-jan spread for TX6. Fundamentally is there something i'm missing?

Seems a little out of whack but as we seen time and time again, fundamental relationships don't have to hold in the short term.

Hey JA

Have you looked at TZ6 vs HEat or resid. (ja-feb02) ? That basis seems awfully high. What are your thoughts?

thanks
JF

John, I was wondering if you could do me a small favor.  Carr futres
(understanding there circumstance) was stuck long 4 lots.  We dicided to
help them out and take them today.  So I had my Henry Hub trader sell out
Oct 1st.  Car said they found there problem.  I tried calling the trader
over there and it was a penny bid over were we sold it.  Could you say
something to your trader over there to see if you could let us out.

Steve
302-764-6407

I would do that.  I tried calling but got your voicemail.  Try me at 713
853 3230

I am long 800 futures short swaps any interest.

Steven Lengkeek
Conectiv
302-452-6930

it's an aquired taste

those things are TERRIBLE!!!!

me thinks so

you goin?

you working out today?

yep,  what are you doing later?

still goin?

me thinks so

you goin?

you working out today?

John,

Attached is an email which I have sent to Savita (who will not be able to attend today). It addresses the Robotrader concept. I will bring some hardcopy to hit the high points this afternoon.

Dave

Savita,

Attached is the latest Robotrader spreadsheet.

As you may recall, we tried several different approaches to minimizing the cost of the market running up and then down again.

The solution which gave the best solution was also the simplest one.

Principles as follows:

- Basically an advanced Offset to Last Trade
- Definitions
	- Intensity: Measures the length of time between transactions as a rolling average over the last x number of transactions (the Intensity Factor)
	- Intensity Factor: The number of transactions used in calculating the rolling average Intensity
	- Dead Interval: The period of time in which (if nothing occurs), an event or transaction is deemed to take place.
	- Offset Reversion Ratio: The percentage by which the Offset will be reduced if a Dead Interval passes
	- Spread Minimum: The minimum spread which can be used.
	- Offset Minimum: The minimum offset which may be used.
	- Spread-Offset Minimum: The minimum amount by which the spread must exceed the offset
	- Spread Reversion Rate: The amount in dollars by which the spread will decrease if a Dead Interval passes
	- Position Sensitivity: The position which, if exceeded, will cause the V Factor Adjustment to increase
	- V-Factor adjust: The amount by which the Momentum will be increased if the Position Sensitivity is exceeded.
	- Momentum: The measure of the degree to which the market is either just buying or just selling
	- Adjusted Momentum: A Momentum number which may be boosted, causing a larger price reaction when the Position Sensitivity is exceeded.
	- Offset: The amount by which a bid or offer will be increased/decreased when a transaction occurs.
	- Spread: The difference between the bid and the offer
- General Principles and Mechanics
	- As each Sell (Buy) occurs, the Momentum decreases (increases).
	- The Adjusted Momentum is the same as the Momentum, unless the Position Sensitivity is exceeded.
	- If the Position Sensitivity is exceeded, then the Adjusted Momentum is boosted by the V-Factor Adjustment
	- The Offset is calculated by looking up the Offset value on a table for the specified Adjusted Momentum
	- The Spread is calculated by looking up the value to boost (decrease) the Spread on a table for the Specified Intensity
	- As the Intensity value drops, the Spread widens. As it increases, the Spread decreases.
	- In a running market, the offset will increase quickly. If it establishes a new level, the Offset will slowly decrease
	- If the market runs up and whipsaws back, the offset will stay large
	- If a market range trades, the offset will trend to zero.
	- If there are a large number of transaction in succession, the spread will widen
	- If there are a small number of transactions in succession, the spread will tighten.

 

Dave

	

no thx

Interested?

-Ina

Mark Frevert has purchased 4 tickets for the Houston Aeros 2001-02 season, for use by all business units, the same way as the Astros tickets.  This is the Aeros first year in the American Hockey League.  Their first game is on October 12th, go to http://www.aeros.com/schedule/ to see the full schedule.

Our seats are located in Section 108, Row R, Seats 1-4.

If your group in interested in using these tickets, please give me a call (x33497).  

In addition, I have 3 invitations (each admit 2 people) to the "Meet the Team Party" on Tuesday, 2nd October.  If you would like to attend, please let me know.  The party will be held at the Compaq Center from 6pm to 8pm.

Regards,

Nicki

Nicki Daw
Enron Corp
Tel: 713 853 3497
Fax: 713 646 3330

i think they worked this out.
John

John, I was wondering if you could do me a small favor.  Carr futres
(understanding there circumstance) was stuck long 4 lots.  We dicided to
help them out and take them today.  So I had my Henry Hub trader sell out
Oct 1st.  Car said they found there problem.  I tried calling the trader
over there and it was a penny bid over were we sold it.  Could you say
something to your trader over there to see if you could let us out.

Steve
302-764-6407

I would do that.  I tried calling but got your voicemail.  Try me at 713
853 3230

I am long 800 futures short swaps any interest.

Steven Lengkeek
Conectiv
302-452-6930

why is george down?

thank god i got out on friday.  had a much better month trading crude than gas.

no i idea i have been waiting for 5 hours to sell wti since gasoioil and brent are puking---i guess we'll both have to  call bill 37037

sadly we'll both have to engage in verbal communication...personally i think you should see as much crude as you can ..this should be a good week for puke #2

why is george down?

yea

John,

Can we keep closing the Bridge at 3pm for this week?

you coulda sent me this 8 months ago....

I thought of our conversation at Beaver Creek as I read this one.  It was all out there.  Oh well,  we're young.

i couldnt do it.  it took 13 minutes for my alarm to wake me up.

not necessarily looking for predictive power.  that's a 3 year project.  just for market making skillset.  The work that Dave Forster did was just for front month.  That creates month 1.  Then, similar logic has to create a month 1/month 2 spread to create a month 2 outright market.   Same for month 2/ month 3 to create month 3.  There might be 24-36 individual markets to create a forward curve.  Sometimes month 1 has correlation to the month 1/ month 2 spread.  Sometimes it does not.  Must create a system that is mechanical but very easy for a human to add bias.  

John, I just wanted to give you heads up that I did look into the subject system to learn from what your trading activities and then figure ways to automate some aspects of you daily activities.  I will try to send you a few power point slides showing my initial thoughts on the system.

It appears that neutral network (AI is a subset of this class of learning systems) type of model that takes input from all available sources (including actual market feedback, weather and other fundamentals) and uses curve building functions and other existing tools as transfer functions, along with your own thinking (your processing functions that your neurons are wired up to do), could help the neural network to learn and eventually provide the necessary predictive power.  

Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@enron.com

Funny that they say mixed response to new ceo's

its a good one...

 
 << File: BernsteinOnENE.pdf >> 

Someone in my group or myself will attend.  

John

Joe Murphy, CEO of Refco Global Futures and Gary Weiss, SVP Refco Group Ltd. LLC will be here Thursday afternoon through dinner to further our discussions for providing a hosted marketplace where Enron would stream products with wider bid/offer and smaller volume to their "retail" customer base.  

The purpose of their visit is to firm up our discussion so that we can start drafting a term sheet for the deal

I have carved out 1 hour this Thursday Oct 4 from 4:30 to 5:30pm in EB 27C2 to discuss the products that we currently make markets in and the volumes Refco currently handles for their customers.

Would you or someone in your group be interested in attending?  Several of the guys from the Oil & Refined products group will be there and I would like to have at least a representative for gas that could speak for you.  I have sent a note to Kevin Presto as well.

Regards

John Cummings 

got your running shoes on?

mike maggi resigned this morning to take a job at a competitor.  He is under contract.  Lavo has been advised.  What do I need to do?

not really and no

do you get many limit orders during the agas? does it help? 

ended up getting in late last night.  monday night football turned into tuesday morning football.

went this morning - did you go?

got your running shoes on?

sucks to be mediocre, huh?

sf/nyj over 45.5 -  200
sf +3 - 200

elpaso, same thing

Want to trade options?

which competitor?  and to do what?

mike maggi resigned this morning to take a job at a competitor.  He is under contract.  Lavo has been advised.  What do I need to do?

outright long....a long time from now.    
looks like with cold weather curve is going to reshape.  front up, back nothing

is there a password or just knowing the address
John, is access to the board on a password basis now? If so, when you get a chance could you authorise access for myself and Andew Hill (a colleague in crude fundamentals) please? A similar board for crude and products should be ready within a couple of weeks. Thanks

Alex

hey buddy:
heard you're in town.  any interest in going to the bb game tonight? have some right field homerun catching seats

Hello:
Wondering if we can meet to pick up the tix.  I work and live in downtown.  Please advise or call me at 713-557-3330.

just got some tix in right field for tonight's game.  any interest?

why is anybody giving you scoop?

i got the scoop from lavo.  

i agreed to become the premier Enron options trader (only if i didn't have to sit next to you).  i told lavo to give me two weeks w/you and i could fake my way through any interview. VAR, gamma, vega, blah, blah,blah . . . i'm hired!  Who do you think w/d pay me more El Paso or Duke?

elpaso, same thing

Want to trade options?

which competitor?  and to do what?

mike maggi resigned this morning to take a job at a competitor.  He is under contract.  Lavo has been advised.  What do I need to do?

i think cash gets much stronger over the coming weeks relative to nov.  first inclination when cash comes up is that futures go up.  however, there is an 80 cent spread between cash and december.  cash can easily go up without dec moving.  

are u saying cash comes up to meet futs..so where do see nov01 dec 01 jan 02 rolling off

outright long....a long time from now.    
looks like with cold weather curve is going to reshape.  front up, back nothing

just bot them.  I'll save one for you.  just let me know asap.

yes and yes.  supposed to go to a dinner, but I might be able to flake. do you really have an extra ticket?  I should know in the next hour about dinner-

hey buddy:
heard you're in town.  any interest in going to the bb game tonight? have some right field homerun catching seats

any interest in going to bb game tonight.  crude reunion.  jt, racecar, and me.  tix in HR #70 catching territory.  

Sounds good.  I have cash.  I work at the old Enron building.  Just give me a call when you're close and I'll meet you on the street right in front of the building.

I get off work at 3:00 so I could bring them by your office at say 3:30 if
you could meet me at the ground floor (I'm assuming you work at one of the
Enron buildings).  I'm new to this whole Ebay thing so I'm not sure what all
the payment options are, but I'm thinking the easiest would be cash, but if
you want to put it on credit card through Billpoint on Ebay that is fine
also.

Good luck on catching the million dollar ball.

Hello:
Wondering if we can meet to pick up the tix.  I work and live in
downtown.  Please advise or call me at 713-557-3330.

maybe we just hold all the gas until next winter.  we'll worry about that problem next september.  
novy expiry can go anywhere.  Too early to say.   Probably around $2 though as I cant imagine who is a baseload buyer of gas in november when the US is a net injector the first 1-2 weeks barring cold spell and the pipelines are trying to start withdrawing.  

so where does this leave you with rearg to nov expiry----higher than where we are today? dec, jan too? sub 2 or above 2
also if you dont take down the curve and demand stays anemic....where does all the gas go?

i think cash gets much stronger over the coming weeks relative to nov.  first inclination when cash comes up is that futures go up.  however, there is an 80 cent spread between cash and december.  cash can easily go up without dec moving.  

are u saying cash comes up to meet futs..so where do see nov01 dec 01 jan 02 rolling off

outright long....a long time from now.    
looks like with cold weather curve is going to reshape.  front up, back nothing

Can you meet this guy if I'm off the desk?

OK, I'll give you a call around 3:15 or so, I'll be driving a dark green
Land Cruiser.

> Sounds good.  I have cash.  I work at the old Enron building.  Just give
me
> a call when you're close and I'll meet you on the street right in front of
> the building.
>
>     -----Original Message-----

i'm just kidding.  i'm getting a haircut from 530-600.  i'll call you when i get out.

I guess that's fair - considering the deal you worked out with Dean.

you i guess.  

so who are the drinks on until I do ? . . . . .

drinks on tickleknees if you do

you're killing me!!!  I WILL close two of the three!!! and I predict that I will make $500,000 - on two tiny little gas deals.

maybe we need a closer in that seat

he's a cheapskate - I am just sitting here on the edge of my seat with three customers that won't pull the trigger!

how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless pay for it.

push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we could celebrate!

wanna get sauced after work?

For anybody that doesnt know, Maggi resigned today to go to El Paso.  I will be sending out an email with a broader distribution this afternoon.  Please keep this quiet until then.  Plan to meet at 4:30 today to discuss the ongoing structure of the desk.  

I'm going to put out an email this afternoon

you suck.  how pissed will you be if the guy next to me catches 71.  call me before you leave tomorrow.  

sorry for the delay. just found out-- can't bail on dinner. thanks mucho for the offer- u are the man- can't believe I'm not gonna be there.  would guess you can find a replacement ok?  have time for a quick beer tomorrow happy hour time? 

just bot them.  I'll save one for you.  just let me know asap.

yes and yes.  supposed to go to a dinner, but I might be able to flake. do you really have an extra ticket?  I should know in the next hour about dinner-

hey buddy:
heard you're in town.  any interest in going to the bb game tonight? have some right field homerun catching seats

can you find out the scoop on ravi thuraisingham as far as reviews, rankings, etc.   thinking about hiring him.

btw, thanks for sending me the email this morning rather than waiting until next week to tell me about Maggi.  small steps.  soon you'll be writing reviews and actually attending PRC-i won't know what to do w/myself.

our legal is talking w/el paso legal and lavo is trying to talk to maggi.  i'll let you know if i get any more info.

me thinks people are trading the headline and not the story

ene and ng...wow

ene: the india story.  I lok at it and say we sold india.  then realize we the gas, not the assets.

no kidding ja....do  u have the goldman recommendation..it has excepts from their interviews  with whalley and frevert.
by the way headlines ----are u referring to ene or ng?

me thinks people are trading the headline and not the story

ene and ng...wow

no.  waiting for a rally to sell.  if dont get one will stay out.

me thinks people are trading the headline and not the story

ene and ng...wow

no.  Have had 2 late nights in a row and it doesnt get much better rest of the week.  had to get  an extra hour of beauty sleep.  can you tell?

Did you go this morning?  I need drugs to sleep at night.  

ended up getting in late last night.  monday night football turned into tuesday morning football.

went this morning - did you go?

got your running shoes on?

I went to the Front Porch after the crappy game and then went back to my front porch with billy white.  he wouldnt leave.  stayed until 1:15.  get the feeling he doesnt get out much.

I thought there was something different about you - I don't think the extra hour helped me much.  And I don't see how you stay out late and get so much work done.  I am having trouble making it through this day!  Unless I start taking sleep aids, I will be a big mess by Friday!

no.  Have had 2 late nights in a row and it doesnt get much better rest of the week.  had to get  an extra hour of beauty sleep.  can you tell?

Did you go this morning?  I need drugs to sleep at night.  

ended up getting in late last night.  monday night football turned into tuesday morning football.

went this morning - did you go?

got your running shoes on?

actually a terrible game.  bonds didnt get a ball out of the infield in the air.  granted we werent exactly pitching strikes to him.  

how was it?

just bot them.  I'll save one for you.  just let me know asap.

yes and yes.  supposed to go to a dinner, but I might be able to flake. do you really have an extra ticket?  I should know in the next hour about dinner-

hey buddy:
heard you're in town.  any interest in going to the bb game tonight? have some right field homerun catching seats

you i guess.  

so who are the drinks on until I do ? . . . . .

drinks on tickleknees if you do

you're killing me!!!  I WILL close two of the three!!! and I predict that I will make $500,000 - on two tiny little gas deals.

maybe we need a closer in that seat

he's a cheapskate - I am just sitting here on the edge of my seat with three customers that won't pull the trigger!

how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless pay for it.

push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we could celebrate!

wanna get sauced after work?

not enough

did u at least drink heavily?

actually a terrible game.  bonds didnt get a ball out of the infield in the air.  granted we werent exactly pitching strikes to him.  

how was it?

just bot them.  I'll save one for you.  just let me know asap.

yes and yes.  supposed to go to a dinner, but I might be able to flake. do you really have an extra ticket?  I should know in the next hour about dinner-

hey buddy:
heard you're in town.  any interest in going to the bb game tonight? have some right field homerun catching seats

come on up tomorrow afternoon.

John,
 
We have developed a "morning briefing" for Gary Hickerson that includes primarily views on the crude and products markets.  Recently, Gary has asked that we include a brief overview on Nat Gas in this packet.  We have worked with Chris Gaskill to get the morning briefing that he puts together for you and your traders and find it very helpful.
 
However, I am interested in going a step further and would like to talk with you or one of your traders on a regular basis in order to get a more trading-centric view on this morning packet.  Specifically, I want to ask the question, "What do you view as most important in this information" so we can develop our own "value added" information for Gary's group.
 
Is there one of your traders who I might be able to meet with (after market close, of course) to discuss?
 
Thanks, John.
 
Jeff

yea

John,
 
Thanks very much.
 
Would 4:45ish be alright with you?
 
 

come on up tomorrow afternoon.

John,
 
We have developed a "morning briefing" for Gary Hickerson that includes primarily views on the crude and products markets.  Recently, Gary has asked that we include a brief overview on Nat Gas in this packet.  We have worked with Chris Gaskill to get the morning briefing that he puts together for you and your traders and find it very helpful.
 
However, I am interested in going a step further and would like to talk with you or one of your traders on a regular basis in order to get a more trading-centric view on this morning packet.  Specifically, I want to ask the question, "What do you view as most important in this information" so we can develop our own "value added" information for Gary's group.
 
Is there one of your traders who I might be able to meet with (after market close, of course) to discuss?
 
Thanks, John.
 
Jeff

I would pay $300 for the tix tonight.  I feel ripped off for the crappy game I had to sit through tuesday.

OK, I'll give you a call around 3:15 or so, I'll be driving a dark green
Land Cruiser.

> Sounds good.  I have cash.  I work at the old Enron building.  Just give
me
> a call when you're close and I'll meet you on the street right in front of
> the building.
>
>     -----Original Message-----

yea, can you meet me at enron again?

They are yours for $300 if you want them.

> I would pay $300 for the tix tonight.  I feel ripped off for the crappy
> game I had to sit through tuesday.
>
>     -----Original Message-----

Pull this up and click on hit chart
http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/players/profile?statsId=3918#

Your tix are sec 154, row 12, seats 1-4, on the aisle of sec 155
http://astros.mlb.com/NASApp/mlb/hou/ballpark/hou_ballpark_seating.jsp

at least I made $100 for my services

THE GREAT THING IS THAT I CAN DEDUCT THIS FROM MY ARNOLD ACCOUNT.

Pull this up and click on hit chart
http://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/players/profile?statsId=3918#

Your tix are sec 154, row 12, seats 1-4, on the aisle of sec 155
http://astros.mlb.com/NASApp/mlb/hou/ballpark/hou_ballpark_seating.jsp

can you email lavorato maggi's address

nope

Has anyone contacted you yet regarding installing your roadrunner service?  Let me know so I can get a definite schedule time today.

-Ina

going to the game.  I'll be at the front porch tomorrow...

Beers tonight?

drinks on tickleknees if you do

you're killing me!!!  I WILL close two of the three!!! and I predict that I will make $500,000 - on two tiny little gas deals.

maybe we need a closer in that seat

he's a cheapskate - I am just sitting here on the edge of my seat with three customers that won't pull the trigger!

how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless pay for it.

push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we could celebrate!

wanna get sauced after work?

depends on the legal outcome.  thhere is still a possibility we get all of our money back, although a roe of 0% for 10 years.  Still, a better roe than broadband investments

dabhol will be written down before it is sold.

 <<00021579.PDF.pdf>>  

can we meet at 4:00 instead?

John,
 
Thanks very much.
 
Would 4:45ish be alright with you?
 
 

come on up tomorrow afternoon.

John,
 
We have developed a "morning briefing" for Gary Hickerson that includes primarily views on the crude and products markets.  Recently, Gary has asked that we include a brief overview on Nat Gas in this packet.  We have worked with Chris Gaskill to get the morning briefing that he puts together for you and your traders and find it very helpful.
 
However, I am interested in going a step further and would like to talk with you or one of your traders on a regular basis in order to get a more trading-centric view on this morning packet.  Specifically, I want to ask the question, "What do you view as most important in this information" so we can develop our own "value added" information for Gary's group.
 
Is there one of your traders who I might be able to meet with (after market close, of course) to discuss?
 
Thanks, John.
 
Jeff

because we're $10 off the lows or because you think we're overvalued?

what do you think now?

Enron has had a very good year to date and we at Enron Europe have played our part in this.   However, if we are to maintain growth levels, we need to focus very closely on our cost base and create more efficiencies in the current round of Enron Corp. budget reviews.

We are analysing much more closely exactly which businesses we derive our earnings from and concentrating our resources on those areas.  We will be taking decisions to put some projects on the "back burner"and reduce the scope of others.

This will inevitably mean that we need to reduce our headcount both in commercial and commercial support groups as we seek to identify the best mix of skills to keep us on our earnings growth track.  To this end we will be seeking to cut our headcount in Europe by between five and ten percent, but we will aim as far as possible to achieve this through a program of voluntary severance.  Details of this program will be made available by Monday 8th October.  We hope to complete this exercise and communicate the outcome as quickly as possible in October so that everyone knows where they stand.

Please feel free to contact either of us, but also talk to your supervisor about any specific concerns you may have and remember that you can also make use of the LifeWorks confidential counselling service that is available on 0800 169 1920.

We firmly believe that if we work hard together now to achieve these short term goals, we will create a stronger, more flexible team at Enron which will be better placed than ever to grow our business in Europe.

John Sherriff and Michael Brown

you doing anything tonight?

no need.  the drinks will be warm by the time I get back up to the 6th floor.

John,

Do you want to take your refrigerator to the new building for your office?

Ina

yes, he'll be at work on monday.  can you have docs ready sometime during the day?
 
by the way, these are crappy pics.  The prediction company says you go 4-7.

john
 
did you talk to mike.  is he okay with my condition.
 
 
current 1085
 
all 150
 
balt -3.5
sd -3
phili -14
atl -3
cinci +5
minn +3.5
ne +9
ne/mia over 35
gb +3
 oak -18
car +7
 
 

2-9 
YOU'RE
A
HACK

Eddie Gaetchens (?), Marty, and Kevin from Man are coming down Wednesday if anybody is up for dinner or drinks

maybe we need a closer in that seat

he's a cheapskate - I am just sitting here on the edge of my seat with three customers that won't pull the trigger!

how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless pay for it.

push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we could celebrate!

wanna get sauced after work?

want to play hookie and go to the bb game tomorrow at noon?

no way.  we're still paying $5000 for new employee referrals

YA HEARING ANYTHING ON THIS

GEORGE DOWN--CRUDE FLOOR EVACUATED AND BROUGHT BACK

they're giving away a porsche boxster or a cardboard boxcutter?

that means nothing..uk is giving away boxter for new employees ans slicing 10% at same time

no way.  we're still paying $5000 for new employee referrals

YA HEARING ANYTHING ON THIS

GEORGE DOWN--CRUDE FLOOR EVACUATED AND BROUGHT BACK

my little junior league girl.   so sweet.  
let's leave around 1130ish

Yippee! I'm in! What time do you want to go?

I have volunteer work tomorrow night starting at 6pm...so I'll have to run off around 5:30.

I'm sooo excited! Who all is coming? Yippee! MSA

want to play hookie and go to the bb game tomorrow at noon?

she starts at 12:12

What time does the game start? 

my little junior league girl.   so sweet.  
let's leave around 1130ish

Yippee! I'm in! What time do you want to go?

I have volunteer work tomorrow night starting at 6pm...so I'll have to run off around 5:30.

I'm sooo excited! Who all is coming? Yippee! MSA

want to play hookie and go to the bb game tomorrow at noon?

sure.  just call me when you get out

I have an 11 meeting, so can we meet in the lobby at 11:45? 

she starts at 12:12

What time does the game start? 

my little junior league girl.   so sweet.  
let's leave around 1130ish

Yippee! I'm in! What time do you want to go?

I have volunteer work tomorrow night starting at 6pm...so I'll have to run off around 5:30.

I'm sooo excited! Who all is coming? Yippee! MSA

want to play hookie and go to the bb game tomorrow at noon?

jeans

okay - plan on 11:45. what are you wearing - shorts or jeans?

sure.  just call me when you get out

I have an 11 meeting, so can we meet in the lobby at 11:45? 

she starts at 12:12

What time does the game start? 

my little junior league girl.   so sweet.  
let's leave around 1130ish

Yippee! I'm in! What time do you want to go?

I have volunteer work tomorrow night starting at 6pm...so I'll have to run off around 5:30.

I'm sooo excited! Who all is coming? Yippee! MSA

want to play hookie and go to the bb game tomorrow at noon?

 

 
 - NFL'2001.xls << File: NFL'2001.xls >> 

I'm wearing a shirt too

skirt

jeans

okay - plan on 11:45. what are you wearing - shorts or jeans?

sure.  just call me when you get out

I have an 11 meeting, so can we meet in the lobby at 11:45? 

she starts at 12:12

What time does the game start? 

my little junior league girl.   so sweet.  
let's leave around 1130ish

Yippee! I'm in! What time do you want to go?

I have volunteer work tomorrow night starting at 6pm...so I'll have to run off around 5:30.

I'm sooo excited! Who all is coming? Yippee! MSA

want to play hookie and go to the bb game tomorrow at noon?

maybe after the game.

no, you are wearing a skirt, like me!

I'm wearing a shirt too

skirt

jeans

okay - plan on 11:45. what are you wearing - shorts or jeans?

sure.  just call me when you get out

I have an 11 meeting, so can we meet in the lobby at 11:45? 

she starts at 12:12

What time does the game start? 

my little junior league girl.   so sweet.  
let's leave around 1130ish

Yippee! I'm in! What time do you want to go?

I have volunteer work tomorrow night starting at 6pm...so I'll have to run off around 5:30.

I'm sooo excited! Who all is coming? Yippee! MSA

want to play hookie and go to the bb game tomorrow at noon?

most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's
psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still
short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this
week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats
indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will
get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for
good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people
want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like
it did when we were trying to break $5.

how about we celebrate the near completion of your deal and have tickleless pay for it.

push the summer down about $.03-.04 so I can get one of my deals done and we could celebrate!

wanna get sauced after work?

I never knew your fantasies...

oh, oh and the makeup and wig too!

maybe after the game.

no, you are wearing a skirt, like me!

I'm wearing a shirt too

skirt

jeans

okay - plan on 11:45. what are you wearing - shorts or jeans?

sure.  just call me when you get out

I have an 11 meeting, so can we meet in the lobby at 11:45? 

she starts at 12:12

What time does the game start? 

my little junior league girl.   so sweet.  
let's leave around 1130ish

Yippee! I'm in! What time do you want to go?

I have volunteer work tomorrow night starting at 6pm...so I'll have to run off around 5:30.

I'm sooo excited! Who all is coming? Yippee! MSA

want to play hookie and go to the bb game tomorrow at noon?

Do you want to drink beer?  I'll work on sneaking a bottle of Opus in otherwise.

Are we gonna drink beer? I'm not really a beer drinker.

I never knew your fantasies...

oh, oh and the makeup and wig too!

maybe after the game.

no, you are wearing a skirt, like me!

I'm wearing a shirt too

skirt

jeans

okay - plan on 11:45. what are you wearing - shorts or jeans?

sure.  just call me when you get out

I have an 11 meeting, so can we meet in the lobby at 11:45? 

she starts at 12:12

What time does the game start? 

my little junior league girl.   so sweet.  
let's leave around 1130ish

Yippee! I'm in! What time do you want to go?

I have volunteer work tomorrow night starting at 6pm...so I'll have to run off around 5:30.

I'm sooo excited! Who all is coming? Yippee! MSA

want to play hookie and go to the bb game tomorrow at noon?

Not so impressed with David goldman.  For a guy who has worked in derivatives for 10 years, couldnt answer some simple questions.  Very poor financial derivatives knowledge even though he worked at CRT for a long time and a Lyonnais for a while.  The only value I see in him is that he worked at BP for a while and might have some knowledge as to how they work.  

that was pretty funny. Do not still have the double date thing.

I need a favor in return for interviewing your boys.  Remember Mark Findsen.  He's looking to get back into the business, possibly from the trading side.  I actually think he might make a better orig guy.  He has been in the crude and products markets for 10+ years.  Has no experiece in trading energy but has been day trading equities for past year.  He asked if he could get a round of interviews at Enron.  Could you set up a round for him?

maybe,  some specialization is beneficial though.  

porsche boxster (maybe the bmw one) instead or 5000 they raffle a car...hahahaha johnny..only exempt group is egm crude and products which keeps hiring and hiring

also dont you think it was about time there was one fundamentals group where all information was shared and disseminated to trading

they're giving away a porsche boxster or a cardboard boxcutter?

that means nothing..uk is giving away boxter for new employees ans slicing 10% at same time

no way.  we're still paying $5000 for new employee referrals

YA HEARING ANYTHING ON THIS

GEORGE DOWN--CRUDE FLOOR EVACUATED AND BROUGHT BACK

sounds like it's clean from your side.   I HATE SWAPTIONS!!

hi.. just so you know exactly what happened here..

ospraie sold us a 4.70 swaption.. exercisable into a swap.. expiry 3/27/01.. 5/month cal02 
on 3/27/01.. market close is 4.78.. 
we called Mike Maggi.. asked if he was exercising swap.. yes, he was 
we asked if we had to do anything in the system.... no was the reply. 
we call ospraie.. tell them we exercised the swap. 
reconciling position report with ospraie for the hundreth time this month.. notice we are out 5/month on swaps... we had not previously been pulling deals from the system... just going by deal tickets. 
we go through system for a week.. can not find deal.. that is where we are now. 
deal needs to be found or recreated.

 
if you have some time (or if you like slow torture).. read my other note.. 
better news coming.. promise.

 
 

Errol- A swap between Enron and Tudor for Cal02 at 4.70 must be booked as soon as we figure out that there is no possibility it is in the system.
 
Derek/Michelle- this deal not being included in the system should be throwing off Ospraie's MTM.  This swap is at 4.70.. they are short 60 contracts..currently Cal02 is around $3.. which should result in $1M more positive P&L for Ospraie and $1M less for us.  
 
This must be settled first thing Monday.
Caroline
 
 

If these problems are not being addressed as they should be, call me and I'll get on it.  This is unacceptable.

Fred- 

There are a number of issues we need to address with back office procedures immediately.  We are losing money on avoidable problems and gaining a bad reputation in the market.  Lets get Derek and Michelle together Tuesday afternoon.

2 of our counterparties are writing letters of complaint.. here's a sample of some of the quotes we have heard from the 10 counterparties we have added in the last 6 months.  

"I shouldn't have to spend my time decomposing the invoices and confirmations you send out" 
"It has been 10 days since we traded and we haven't received a shred of paper to give us the details of the trade" 
"We are being told in a confirm something different than we are being invoiced for" 
"We did not trade 300 contracts per day, it was per month - do you guys even think before you type" 
"I am a CFO and an accountant and I can't decipher what you are trying to confirm here" 

From a business dinner where a client of ours was speaking casually to large industrials and endusers. One, upon the mentioning of B2B exchanges said "they WILL NOT ever trade on EOL again because the backoffice procedure was such a nightmare.. they couldn't rely on the accuracy or timeliness of the confirm.  This was a captive client who and needs to trade... who will not show us their flow again. 

The latest is the most disturbing:

"we just want to do a small trade to test your system. We have heard it is a nightmare but want to see for ourselves - I mean how difficult can it be to book the purchase of 50 lots of crude" And still 5 days later they do not have one paper to show the details, not one phone call to confirm the trade...nothing.  We even warned the BO that this was a new customer and to make best eforts to make sure the process runs smoothly and efficiently. Well, clearly we failed

We do not understand what is going on in the back office.  Is it that they are too disconnected from our daily operations to understand how integral their accurracy is to our business?  Is there too much turnover? How are they trained?  Who is in charge of the "backoffice"?  There seems to be a different manager for every step of the process.. who co-ordinates all their efforts?  Does anyone care?  Ok.. I'll stop.. For our part, we have Michelle coming up to NY for a week in December (we wanted this to happen as soon as she started but did not work for her).

We have to stop this before we lose clients (which we will).  

All the problems are being caused by the following:

1. Our inability to generate an accurate position report for our clients.  This has already cost us money this year. Our clients do 10 trades a day.. they are constantly in and out of positions.. it is imperative that we get these right.  As well, this report is our ONLY check to make sure deals are entered and entered correctly into the system.

There are hundreds of books at Enron.  We have postions on with dozens of them.  We currenttly do not have an automated mechanism to pull deals from every book in one shot.  We have to select books one by one.. this method will always result in books being ommmitted given our deal flow.

Michelle is in charge of this process.  We need a IT person on this yesterday.  Michelle is spending most of her day verifying the validity of the report she generates.  Robyn, Russell, and I check it everyday.. there are always mistakes.

2. There is a breakdown in the backoffice functions after Michelle collects the tickets we write and verbally confirms them.  There is no check after they have been imput.  There are ALWAYS imput errors.  Michelle needs to check every deal after its entered into the system going forward.  

We also have NO set procedures for the bookings of deals.  We have no idea where our job ends and the book admin's starts.. for non standard deals like gas dailies and swaptions we need to know the exact process from start to finish.

2a. Confirms are sent immediately after deals are entered.. what if deals are imput incorrectly? the confirm goes out anyway resulting in mass confusion at the client.  Going forward, confirms need to be delayed until we can confirm that everything about the deal is correct.

2b. Invoicing.. there have been dozens of occassions where the amounts we are invoicing do not match the deals done.. 

3. EOL- We are pushing hard to get counterparties on here.. we have signed Renaissance up (a 10B program fund) but I shudder to see how EOL will fair at these tasks.  

4. Credit- All of our clients are margined.  If deals are in the system incorrectly, the wrong MTM goes to the client.. another mis-match.  We work closely with credit since we need to collect initial margin from some clients.. this amount changes daily- we need someone who can get on the phone with clients and explain these numbers through.. again, we are doing this now.

 

 

 

 

Sorry,sorry, sorry. 
Havent had internet access at home for past 5 weeks.  Much easier to write these at home as when I'm done trading I don't want to look at my computer.  
For november, very neutral.  Cash is impressive.  Agree shutins, switching, and some weather are making market look more like equilibrium.  Think with cash/futures at 20 cents, x/z looks crazy.  As soon as z becomes prompt, the fear factor/risk premium of it will decrease and the whole winter will come off.  Like your h/j trade.  Hard to see it really being worth 9 cents at settlement.  Been buying a lot of y/y cantango as I think next summer will be a piece but longer term gas story still very real and customers know it.  Wouldnt be surprised to see 2/3 go to 50+.  I think x has some room to go up, but not a lot.  Dont want to play the market from the long side as been burned before trying to get long a market that is still in a downtrend.  Seems like the curve will just keep rolling down with each expiry.  All the winter months might settle 2.25.  As such, the best thing to be short is jan.  

well the mkts changed a bit since this writing. im more neturalish now i
guess. suprised about the cash strongth. and i guess it doesnt mattr CUZ YOU
DONT ANSWER YOUR EMAILS ANYWAY.
regards
>  -----Original Message-----

LOSER

stl -14  200

stl det over 49.5 200

what's brian's last name?

is that with or without two snoozes?

and get up at 5:07 a.m.?

wanna get sauced after work?

bad mormon brian

which brian?

what's brian's last name?

Johnny:
I'll get Mark Findsen to call you.  Can you have at least 1 trader interview him as well.
Thanks,
John

I'll set it up as orig.

Johnny, can you set this up?

Not so impressed with David goldman.  For a guy who has worked in derivatives for 10 years, couldnt answer some simple questions.  Very poor financial derivatives knowledge even though he worked at CRT for a long time and a Lyonnais for a while.  The only value I see in him is that he worked at BP for a while and might have some knowledge as to how they work.  

Savita:
Any chance we can introduce limit orders to spreads?

Sushi on Thursday at the new place in the Village?

going to the game?

cancel above.  we'll do it next week

got whalley's for today at noon.  can you go?

are you there?

I've 2 extra tix if you anybody we like.

I'm here - my 11 got cancelled. 

are you there?

yea

I don't think Brian can go - but can I extend the offer to him? 

I've 2 extra tix if you anybody we like.

I'm here - my 11 got cancelled. 

are you there?

wanna get sauced after work?

I just found a taker. Sorry.

He can't go - I didn't think he could. I'm trying to find my sister (she just moved to town), but I can't find her anywhere. Any other suggestions?

yea

I don't think Brian can go - but can I extend the offer to him? 

I've 2 extra tix if you anybody we like.

I'm here - my 11 got cancelled. 

are you there?

ok

John:

I would like to take a vacation day this Thursday.  I have to go to court and am having some work done to my house.  I will still logon from home and can be reached by cell.

-Ina

I'm in.

The World Wide RibFest "celebration of the Rib" is coming up.  This will be the 5th annual ribfest, and John Mee has his work cut out for him to defend the title he won last year (for the second time).  I believe he will have a tough time, as the competition looks increasingly focused on unseating the former Bostonian from his Throne.

For those of you who haven't been to a ribfest in the past, it's a barbeque competition where 5 to 7 cooks compete to see who can produce the best Baby Back Ribs (if you want those Fred Flintstone beef ribs, you ain't getting them here).  A blind-judging takes place to determine the winner, but often the crowd gets up in arms and nominates a "peoples choice" (though this is not officially recognized by the sanctioning body).  

Every year, my wife asks the following: 	"So, besides Ribs, beer and margaritas, what else will be served?"
			          I reply:	"Nothing comes to mind."	
		               She replies:	"No." 

As you might expect, she wins this discussion year in, year out.  So, appetizers, sides, desserts and food & drink for the kids are also served.  The competition around the grills gets a little rough, so I recommend that the young and faint-of-heart maintain a safe distance while the cooking and competition is taking place.  The appropriate College football games will be broadcast, so you don't have to worry about missing any games.

There are a couple of changes to this year's competition:
The competition will be held at the John Mee/Laura Benjamins compound in Bellaire
Mike Paradise (who won the very first ribfest) has stepped out of the competition this year citing "personal reasons"

Date & Time
Saturday November 3rd.  We fire the grills up around 12:00, and the judging takes place between 3:00 and 3:30.
		
Where
4807 Elm Street in Bellaire

Directions (from John Mee himself)
From downtown, take 59s to 610s. The first exit is the Bissonette//Fournace exit. Take this exit and go through the light, noting the gouging in the lamppost from that freak cherry-picker accident from last April. Before the Bisonette light, there is a big Chase Bank Building. Right before that building is Elm Street. Take a right on Elm Street exactly 236 yards to 4807 Elm Street. Go inside and ask for directions there, cause I really don't have a clue...
KIDS
Bring 'em!  We'll have the Moonwalk set up for them again this year, and we'll have hot dogs, burgers, popcorn and drinks for them.  The more kids the better.

What you need to bring
Nothing, except maybe some attitude to heckle the cooks while they try to concentrate.

RSVP
Call 	John and Laura  713 839 8700 -or-
	Greg and Martha 713 861 2766
We need to make sure we stock up enough ribs to go around.

can you make a reservation for 8 at vallones at 6:30 today.

sorry, just got your msg.  cant go today.
by the way, you're a lousy friend.

are you up for todays game?

going to the game?

don't worry about it

John -- 

I appreciate your allowing us to use your enclosed office for Ken Lay video applications.  In testing the equipment today, I realized for the first time that our fiber feed involved that big black box that you've undoubtedly noticed.  I was unaware that that would be necessary.  We really view this as temporary because we are planning to move all video activity to the new building before the end of the year.  However, if you would prefer, I can request to have the box moved out and a fixture put in your wall. 

Thanks again, John.

Vance Meyer

I'm sure he'll come down whenever we ask.  Should I tell him to get his butt down here and show us the love?

when is brian tracy coming to town?  or does he use eol too, and we'll never see him again.

that was pretty funny. Do not still have the double date thing.

I need a favor in return for interviewing your boys.  Remember Mark Findsen.  He's looking to get back into the business, possibly from the trading side.  I actually think he might make a better orig guy.  He has been in the crude and products markets for 10+ years.  Has no experiece in trading energy but has been day trading equities for past year.  He asked if he could get a round of interviews at Enron.  Could you set up a round for him?

your welcome.  It was really good to see you again.  Maybe we can so something again before 2 months

Thanks you so much for taking Kim and I to the game yesterday! We both had the BEST time! It seems like it has been forever since we have hung out - I miss that! 
 
I'll bring you stew later today - so you will definitely get nourishment tonight. Take care! MSA

All good

Just emailing to verify that there are no problems with the desktop unit that was deployed to your location on 10-2-01...

Hardware Deployment, 

Ricky Collier

He should call you today or tomorrow morning.  I do not have a list of interviewers in mind.  I would like Bill White to talk to him though.  
Thanks.
John,

I haven't received a call from Mark as of yet.  Do you have a list of interviewers in mind?

Thanks,
Johnny

Johnny:
I'll get Mark Findsen to call you.  Can you have at least 1 trader interview him as well.
Thanks,
John

I'll set it up as orig.

Johnny, can you set this up?

Not so impressed with David goldman.  For a guy who has worked in derivatives for 10 years, couldnt answer some simple questions.  Very poor financial derivatives knowledge even though he worked at CRT for a long time and a Lyonnais for a while.  The only value I see in him is that he worked at BP for a while and might have some knowledge as to how they work.  

Jennifer:
I don't think we have much interest in doing this interview since it primarily pertains to our views of the market.  I would speak in such generalities that it probably wouldn't be a good interview.
John

Jennifer Walker@ENRON
05/07/2001 08:57 AM
John:
Kevin Foster with Risk Magazine is working on an article for the June issue regarding Gas Markets in the U.S. Basically, he is interested in Enron's opinion of:

1. Physical Supply/Demand of gas and how this is affecting financial trades
2. Where do we anticipate gas prices going over the summer?
3. The state of the industry--any major issues that may affect the market?

If this sounds like a story we would be interested in doing, please let me know and I will coordinate a short phone interview with Kevin Foster. I know it usually works best for your schedule to do this after 4pm, so please let me know if Tuesday after 4 would be good for you. 

Thanks for your help and please call me with any questions. 

Jennifer Walker
Public Relations
x3-9964
 

please SEND TO  to correct individuals

Dear Supplier:

Dominion Energy Consulting is the Fuel Manager and Agent for E.R. Carpenter Co..
We  are soliciting supply offers from your company on the attached load profiles
for  the  term  period  November 1, 2001 through March 31, 2002.   We understand
each  supplier  cannot  serve  all locations, so bid only on those where you are
competitive.

Your  offers should include Full Firm Requirements NYMEX basis to the City Gate.
The  location  and  LDC  is  included with each plant

Hey:
That's one hell of a bd celebration.  Don't think I can hang in you guys.  
Was definitely a little sleepy yesterday.  Went to the bb game and then had a biz dinner last night.  I was almost asleep driving home at 8:30.  At least I was sane enough to yell buy and sell at random points during the day.

today?   I have felt better.  I'm really glad that Teresa's birthday is over.  I think that we have been celebrating since Friday but of course you know that.  I apologize for any strange behavior last night that I might have exhitbited.  (ie...having you make food for me at a very late hour, singing and whatever else)   Just wanted to check on you and make sure that you aren't sleeping at your desk.  Afterall, you only have to say "buy" or "sell" all day.  How difficult could that be?

Kim

I assume you're going to let people select news categories such as us energ=
y news and avoid articles about paskistani oil fields.

What about this one? Do you find it helpful or interesting? It focuses more=
 on Policy, so it might not apply as much...MSA
=20

  <http://www2.intellibridge.com/graphics/EnergyPolicyHeader.gif>=09
 =09
  <http://www2.intellibridge.com/graphics/TopTab.gif>October 10, 2001=09
  <http://www2.intellibridge.com/graphics/blackbar.gif>

=09
  <http://www2.intellibridge.com/graphics/MoreStories.gif>=09
<?XML:NAMESPACE PREFIX =3D O />
United States-Energy:=20
Senate Panel Discusses Multi-Pollutant Plan <https://www2.enronforum.com/co=
ntent?content_id=3D115988503>
United States-Energy:=20
Entergy Supports Delaying Arkansas Deregulation <https://www2.enronforum.co=
m/content?content_id=3D115982003>
United Kingdom-Energy:=20
AEP to Acquire Edison's UK Power <https://www2.enronforum.com/content?conte=
nt_id=3D115984603>
Canada-Energy:=20
Burlington Resources to Buy Canadian Hunter for $2.1 Billion <https://www2.=
enronforum.com/content?content_id=3D115986203>
Pakistan-Diplomacy:=20
Report: Pakistan Cuts Ties with Taliban <https://www2.enronforum.com/conten=
t?content_id=3D115969103>
South/Southeast Asia-Politics:=20
ASEAN Signals Caution on War Against Afghanistan <https://www2.enronforum.c=
om/content?content_id=3D115968403>=20

United States-Energy:=20
BPA and Kaiser Reach Agreement on Power (IB)
Kaiser Aluminum and the Bonneville Power Administration (BPA) reached an ag=
reement on a five-year power delivery deal that has been the source of conf=
lict between the two parties for almost a year. Kaiser Aluminum closed its =
smelting operations in the Pacific Northwest in late 2000, choosing to rese=
ll contracted power from the BPA on the spot market. According to the Spoke=
sman Review, "Kaiser netted more than $460 million from the sales." Other a=
luminum companies reselling power from BPA reached agreements during spring=
 2001 with Bonneville. Under these agreements, the companies agreed to keep=
 smelters off line to keep power supplies ample in the region, and BPA agre=
ed, in return, to give the smelters, when they restarted operations, a $20 =
per megawatt-hour (MWh) credit for obtaining power from sources other than =
BPA. Months of wrangling produced a contract between Kaiser and the BPA tha=
t negates a "take-or-pay" clause that would require Kaiser to pay for the f=
ederal power whether used or not. BPA said, "Under the agreement signed tod=
ay, Kaiser will avoid the possibility of paying damages if it does not take=
 all the power under the contract...And if [BPA] can't resell it, we are no=
t going to hold [Kaiser] liable for the difference," Clearing Up reported. =
As a concession for the elimination of the "take-or-pay" clause, Kaiser wil=
l receive interruptible service from the BPA on some of its 240 MW load. Ka=
iser received criticism from union groups who claimed that the company was =
using the money it had gained reselling power "to pay down long-term debt, =
rebuild a refinery in Louisiana and reward executives with excessive bonuse=
s," rather than splitting the money between workers that had been laid off,=
 the BPA, and building generation, AP reported. More... <https://www2.enron=
forum.com/content?content_id=3D115987203>=20
 <https://ib.intellibridge.com/content?content_id=3D80296803>

United States-Energy:=20
CA Power Authority Names CEO (IB)
The California Consumer Power and Conservation Financing Authority named La=
ura Doll its new chief executive officer on 5 October. Texan Doll "had prev=
iously worked for several communications and consulting firms," and will be=
 receiving a salary of $200,000 as the power authority's CEO, according to =
the San Francisco Chronicle. S. David Freeman, the authority's chair, will =
retain his post. Freeman said he will "handle fewer administrative duties,"=
 and will "be able to devote more time to reaching out to interest groups s=
uch as the Legislature and consumer groups," The Chronicle reported. Accord=
ing to a 7 October report in the Orange County Register, consumer groups, b=
usinesses, and the legislature have questioned the recent actions of the po=
wer authority, which has vowed to secure nearly 3,000 megawatts (MW) of pow=
er by summer 2002 to avoid power shortages. The power authority, which was =
created by Governor Gray Davis and the state Legislature in May 2001, can i=
ssue up to $5 billion in bonds to bolster the state's power supply through =
financing new renewable generation or peaker projects. The Register said th=
at businesses and consumer groups are worried that higher electricity rates=
 could be the result of the power authority initiative to bring 1,000 MW of=
 green power and 2,000 MW of peaker generation on line by summer 2002. The =
state's Joint Legislative Audit Committee would look into the authority's p=
lanned purchases, according to the committee chair, Assembly member Fred Ke=
eley. Keeley said "it's appropriate early and often to review their work in=
 a public venue and have them held accountable for compliance of the law," =
the Register reported. More... <https://www2.enronforum.com/content?content=
_id=3D115979903>

United States-Energy:=20
FERC Refunds Ordered (IB)
On 5 October, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) ordered four =
power marketers to provide refunds for July sales that exceeded a federally=
 mandated price limit. Dynegy Corp., Mirant Corp., Williams Cos., and Relia=
nt Energy were the companies specifically mentioned. Under a 19 June FERC o=
rder, price limits were established in 11 Western states to help tame the v=
olatile electricity spot market. The June order stated that companies charg=
ing in excess of the mitigated price had seven days past the end of the mon=
th in question to file justifications for their overcharges. The 5 October =
order said that the aforementioned companies filed justifications, but all =
were rejected, and that other companies that overcharged during July, but d=
id not file justifications, would also be subject to ordered refunds. Altho=
ugh FERC did not release specific figures, the California Independent Syste=
m Operator said that total overcharges for the month amounted to $260,000, =
The Los Angeles Times reported. The commission's order explained the reject=
ion of cost justifications for the four companies. The explanations by Mira=
nt and Dynegy, filed more than seven days after July ended, were "untimely =
and...neither company supported in detail its actual costs for its transact=
ions," according to the document. Reliant's filing was "not consistent with=
 the requirements of the June 19 Order," and Willams "did not provide any c=
ost support for its transactions beyond restating general objections to the=
 commission's pricing methodology," the commissioners wrote. A Mirant spoke=
sman told Reuters that "his company was ordered to refund $33,800," while a=
 Williams spokesman told the LA Times "$30,000 worth of electricity sales a=
re subject to the FERC rebate for both June and July." More... <https://www=
2.enronforum.com/content?content_id=3D115981303>=20

=20

  <http://www2.intellibridge.com/graphics/TopAnalysis3.gif>=09  =09
United States-Security: Role of Homeland Defense Czar <https://www2.enronfo=
rum.com/content?content_id=3D115979303>
North America-Energy: Texas Faces Transmission Line Shortages <https://www2=
.enronforum.com/content?content_id=3D115986903>
=09
  =09
 <https://ib.intellibridge.com/intellimemo>  <https://ib.intellibridge.com/=
expertlink> =09
 =09

Any time tomorrow afternoon around 3 or 4:45 to discuss?

John, here is a power point slide that provides a draft outline of the problem at hand.  It is very draft in nature but I wanted to get the working version over to you ASAP.  I wanted to get this discussion going via written format so that I (or others who may implement this) can stay focused on what you want and not get into broader research, etc....

I think I can put a model together if we can define what parameters, the interface (levers) and model (transfer functions) to use that would be useful for you as phase I product.

I will fire off updates to this document as I make them.  If you have a spec doc or ideas that you want to hand write on a print out, please do so and I will update the document. 

I will like to make sure that I am on the same page before beginning to code the program and to start linking to additional moths (month 2, 3, ..) and different curves, etc.

My Job search has gone well with the Crude desk and I am waiting compensation indication from them to make my decision. Also, Kevin Presto feels that I could potentially help his power group with new market or spread trading.  John Suarez is a director who came from the power desk to EBS is going back to work for Kevin Presto.  I may have an opportunity to build the southeast market by supporting John.

I am very grateful that I met you and other key Enron traders during this job search.  

 << File: Neural Ideas.ppt >> 

Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@enron.com

not necessarily looking for predictive power.  that's a 3 year project.  just for market making skillset.  The work that Dave Forster did was just for front month.  That creates month 1.  Then, similar logic has to create a month 1/month 2 spread to create a month 2 outright market.   Same for month 2/ month 3 to create month 3.  There might be 24-36 individual markets to create a forward curve.  Sometimes month 1 has correlation to the month 1/ month 2 spread.  Sometimes it does not.  Must create a system that is mechanical but very easy for a human to add bias.  

John, I just wanted to give you heads up that I did look into the subject system to learn from what your trading activities and then figure ways to automate some aspects of you daily activities.  I will try to send you a few power point slides showing my initial thoughts on the system.

It appears that neutral network (AI is a subset of this class of learning systems) type of model that takes input from all available sources (including actual market feedback, weather and other fundamentals) and uses curve building functions and other existing tools as transfer functions, along with your own thinking (your processing functions that your neurons are wired up to do), could help the neural network to learn and eventually provide the necessary predictive power.  

Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@enron.com

Just following up to see if the recruiting season has started and to make sure everything is going okay.  If you need anything, just say the word.

Dear Mr. Arnold:

Please let me know if I can call you this week at your convenient.

Sincerely,
Gad Caspy

Gad:
Sorry for the extremely late response.  Despite the fact that Eva referred
you, we would have interest in meeting with you about emplyment opps. I was
planning on going to NY in a couple weeks but at this point, I don't know.
I would highly recommend that you follow the formal recruitment program in
addition to any talks we have.  Although I can recommend to make you an
offer, it is much easier if it is done in parallel with the associate
recruitment program.  After the current events calm down, we can talk via
phone about my experience here and why I think there are some good
opportunities here.

    -----Original Message-----
[mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Gad+20Caspy+22+20+3Cgcaspy+40mba2002+2Ehbs+2Eedu+3E+40
ENRON@ENRON.com]

   Sent:   Tuesday, September 04, 2001 5:29 PM
   Dear Mr. Arnold:

   I was referred to you by Ms. Eva Pao.  I am a second year MBA student at
   Harvard Business School, writing to express interest in exploring
   potential
   employment opportunities with Enron.  In particularly, I am interested
   in
   derivatives trading.

   I have attached my resume for your convenience. As you can see, my
   professional experience has been in a variety of roles within financial
   institutions and specifically, managing a currency trading-desk, before
   starting my MBA.

   I would appreciate an opportunity to meet with you or with one of your
   colleagues, on a formal or informal basis, who might be in the Boston or
   NYC
   areas in the next few months.

   Thank you for your time and consideration.

   Sincerely,

   Gad Caspy

   24 Peabody Terrace # 1801
   Cambridge, MA 02138
   H (617) 876 2306

   Harvard Business School
   MBA 2002

    - Gad_Caspy_Resume.doc << File: Gad_Caspy_Resume.doc >>

I've got a mtg from 4-4:30ish so either before or after

John, I can cover that time frame.  I will call you around 3:30 or just drop by if its okay with you.  

Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@enron.com

Any time tomorrow afternoon around 3 or 4:45 to discuss?

John, here is a power point slide that provides a draft outline of the problem at hand.  It is very draft in nature but I wanted to get the working version over to you ASAP.  I wanted to get this discussion going via written format so that I (or others who may implement this) can stay focused on what you want and not get into broader research, etc....

I think I can put a model together if we can define what parameters, the interface (levers) and model (transfer functions) to use that would be useful for you as phase I product.

I will fire off updates to this document as I make them.  If you have a spec doc or ideas that you want to hand write on a print out, please do so and I will update the document. 

I will like to make sure that I am on the same page before beginning to code the program and to start linking to additional moths (month 2, 3, ..) and different curves, etc.

My Job search has gone well with the Crude desk and I am waiting compensation indication from them to make my decision. Also, Kevin Presto feels that I could potentially help his power group with new market or spread trading.  John Suarez is a director who came from the power desk to EBS is going back to work for Kevin Presto.  I may have an opportunity to build the southeast market by supporting John.

I am very grateful that I met you and other key Enron traders during this job search.  

 << File: Neural Ideas.ppt >> 

Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@enron.com

not necessarily looking for predictive power.  that's a 3 year project.  just for market making skillset.  The work that Dave Forster did was just for front month.  That creates month 1.  Then, similar logic has to create a month 1/month 2 spread to create a month 2 outright market.   Same for month 2/ month 3 to create month 3.  There might be 24-36 individual markets to create a forward curve.  Sometimes month 1 has correlation to the month 1/ month 2 spread.  Sometimes it does not.  Must create a system that is mechanical but very easy for a human to add bias.  

John, I just wanted to give you heads up that I did look into the subject system to learn from what your trading activities and then figure ways to automate some aspects of you daily activities.  I will try to send you a few power point slides showing my initial thoughts on the system.

It appears that neutral network (AI is a subset of this class of learning systems) type of model that takes input from all available sources (including actual market feedback, weather and other fundamentals) and uses curve building functions and other existing tools as transfer functions, along with your own thinking (your processing functions that your neurons are wired up to do), could help the neural network to learn and eventually provide the necessary predictive power.  

Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@enron.com

If you have blackberry, keep me informed about pira

ng lows in place but q1 forecast $2.2  ???  
don't understand.
also, what's longer term forecast i.e. past mar 03

Sees NG lows in place
Producers reacting to price mgmt
Coal swithcing to NG and power guys stimulating demand
But thinks jan feb neds to come of

Bull spead

      

Sees NG lows in place
Producers reacting to price mgmt
Coal swithcing to NG and power guys stimulating demand
But thinks jan feb neds to come of

Bull spead
Thinks pwr suppliers in Calif shud be worried abt getting paid the long term contracts rates
Ignore previous - forecasts:
Cinergy novdec 25.75 )al 02 30.75
Cal 03 38.51

Pjm novdec 27.31 cal 02 35.14. Cal 03 39.12

Problem with pwr overbuild of capacity - longer cycle than NG- the oversupply takes longer to fix - price will fix 
By end of oct 02 if have normal winter, = 1.3 end of mar 02 + 2.5 this yrs inj rate + 0.4 with inc hydro gen = 3.8 - can't happen so needprice low - shocks to industry to stop to inc demand
Cdn alberta prod = mature GOM, need to see prod sustain - don't think happen - need LNG

Supply side is the side that changed- medium term - 
Expect cal 02 avg 2.45 nymex
Q1 2.20 q2 2.30 q3 2.57 q4 2.73

you goofball

go to www.snopes2.com , click on rumors of war, and then go to the first en=
try about halloween.

 I received this email today from a very good friend of mine who has a lot =
of close friends from India.  This letter is to one of those close friends.=
  I don't know if I should pass it around but I want everyone I know to be =
aware.

Kim
> >
> >This is worth forwarding, just incase. . .
> >
> >=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
> >=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
> >
> >PLEASE READ!
> >Subject: Malls on 10/31
> >
> >Hey guys..I dont want to scare anyone..but its better safe than sorry,
> >right?? This is not just a foward I recieved..Its from one of my
> >colleages at JPMorgan. It's been sent around within the firm, I wanted
> >to pass it on just in case.
> >Hi All -
> >I think you all know that I don't send out hoaxes and don't
> >do the reactionary thing and send out anything that crosses my
> >path.
> >This one,  however, is a friend of a friend and I've given it
> >enough credibility in my mind that I'm writing it up and sending it out
> >to all of you.
> >My friend's friend was dating a guy from Afghanistan up until a month
> >ago.  She had a date with him around 9/6 and was stood up. She was
> >understandably upset and went to his home to find it completely emptied.
> >On 9/10, she received a letter from her boyfriend explaining that
> >he
> >wished he could tell her why he had left and that he was sorry it
> >had to be like that.  The part worth mentioning is that he BEGGED her
> >not to get on any commercial airlines on 9/11 and to not to go any malls
> >on Halloween.
> >As soon as everything happened on the 11th, she called the FBI and has
> >since turned over the letter. This is not an email that I've received
> >and decided to pass on.  This came from a phone conversation with a
> >long-time friend of mine last night.
> >I may be wrong, and I hope I am.  However, with one of his warnings
> >being correct and devastating, I'm not willing to take the chance on the
> >second and wanted to make sure that people I cared about had the same
> >information that I did.
> >Laura Katsis
> >Implementation Specialist
> >714/921-5424
> >lkatsis@volt.com <mailto:lkatsis@volt.com>
> >OpsVolt_Track@volt.com <mailto:OpsVolt_Track@volt.com>
> >
> >
> >
> >--------------------------------------------------------------
> >Reminder:  E-mail sent through the Internet is not secure.
> >Do not use e-mail to send us confidential information
> >such as credit card numbers, changes of address, PIN
> >numbers, passwords, or other important information.
> >Do not e-mail orders to buy or sell securities, transfer
> >funds, or send time sensitive instructions. We will not
> >accept such orders or instructions.  This e-mail is not
> >an official trade confirmation for transactions executed
> >for your account.  Your e-mail message is not private in
> >that it is subject to review by the Firm, its officers,
> >agents and employees.
> >--------------------------------------------------------------
> >
> >
> >**********************************************************************
> >This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate
> >and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of
> >the intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure
by
> >others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or
> >authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or
> >reply to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and
delete
> >all copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are
not
> >intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence
a
> >binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
> >affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not b=
e
> >relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.
> >Thank you.
> >**********************************************************************
>
>
> _________________________________________________________________
> Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.as=
p
>
>

that night i had so  much brain damage i couldnt function.

as opposed to ????

was a great time-sat at bo collins dinner table spoke briefly. by that nite
i had so  much brain damage i couldnt function.

your guys are probably seeing this as well, but, 50 cents higher our
customer biz was 95/5 from buy side.  now it's 50/50.  can almost smell
blood among the producers.  only problem is trade is sooooo short they cant
see straight.  were the market still not so fundamentally overvalued right
now i'd be looking for a 25 cent move up.  just can't see that happening at
this level though.

********************Legal Disclaimer**************************
This email may contain confidential information and is
 only for the use of the intended or named recipient.  It
has been prepared solely for informational purposes
from sources believed to be reliable, and is not a
solicitation, commitment or offer.  All information is
subject to change without notice, and is provided
without warranty as to its completeness or accuracy.  If
 you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any review, dissemination, distribution,
copying or other use of this email and its attachments
(if any) is strictly prohibited and may be a violation of
law.  If you have received this email in error, please
immediately delete this email and all copies of it from
your system (including any attachments), destroy any
hard copies of it, and notify the sender.  Thank you.

Low is seen ie 1.83 but contango needs to come out of curve so q1 has more downside from current but no lower than e seen in NGV1

Further out - will fax u price target slide, 

 I received this email today from a very good friend of mine who has a lot =
of close friends from India.  This letter is to one of those close friends.=
  I don't know if I should pass it around but I want everyone I know to be =
aware.

Kim
> >
> >This is worth forwarding, just incase. . .
> >
> >=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
> >=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
> >
> >PLEASE READ!
> >Subject: Malls on 10/31
> >
> >Hey guys..I dont want to scare anyone..but its better safe than sorry,
> >right?? This is not just a foward I recieved..Its from one of my
> >colleages at JPMorgan. It's been sent around within the firm, I wanted
> >to pass it on just in case.
> >Hi All -
> >I think you all know that I don't send out hoaxes and don't
> >do the reactionary thing and send out anything that crosses my
> >path.
> >This one,  however, is a friend of a friend and I've given it
> >enough credibility in my mind that I'm writing it up and sending it out
> >to all of you.
> >My friend's friend was dating a guy from Afghanistan up until a month
> >ago.  She had a date with him around 9/6 and was stood up. She was
> >understandably upset and went to his home to find it completely emptied.
> >On 9/10, she received a letter from her boyfriend explaining that
> >he
> >wished he could tell her why he had left and that he was sorry it
> >had to be like that.  The part worth mentioning is that he BEGGED her
> >not to get on any commercial airlines on 9/11 and to not to go any malls
> >on Halloween.
> >As soon as everything happened on the 11th, she called the FBI and has
> >since turned over the letter. This is not an email that I've received
> >and decided to pass on.  This came from a phone conversation with a
> >long-time friend of mine last night.
> >I may be wrong, and I hope I am.  However, with one of his warnings
> >being correct and devastating, I'm not willing to take the chance on the
> >second and wanted to make sure that people I cared about had the same
> >information that I did.
> >Laura Katsis
> >Implementation Specialist
> >714/921-5424
> >lkatsis@volt.com <mailto:lkatsis@volt.com>
> >OpsVolt_Track@volt.com <mailto:OpsVolt_Track@volt.com>
> >
> >
> >
> >--------------------------------------------------------------
> >Reminder:  E-mail sent through the Internet is not secure.
> >Do not use e-mail to send us confidential information
> >such as credit card numbers, changes of address, PIN
> >numbers, passwords, or other important information.
> >Do not e-mail orders to buy or sell securities, transfer
> >funds, or send time sensitive instructions. We will not
> >accept such orders or instructions.  This e-mail is not
> >an official trade confirmation for transactions executed
> >for your account.  Your e-mail message is not private in
> >that it is subject to review by the Firm, its officers,
> >agents and employees.
> >--------------------------------------------------------------
> >
> >
> >**********************************************************************
> >This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate
> >and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of
> >the intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure
by
> >others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or
> >authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or
> >reply to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and
delete
> >all copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are
not
> >intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence
a
> >binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
> >affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not b=
e
> >relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.
> >Thank you.
> >**********************************************************************
>
>
> _________________________________________________________________
> Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.as=
p
>
>

yes

All - 

Please confirm you received the folders for the phone screens I gave to your assistants yesterday afternoon.  

Please feel free to call me with any questions!

Kind regards, 

Adrianne
x57302

Guys,

You have been selected to complete the telephone screening of external candidates for second and final round.  Each  candidate will be screened by two traders to ensure agreement on quality of candidates.   (these resumes have already been selected from c. 200 resumes by some of the ENA Traders).  

As in the previous Trading Track recruiting event, you will be given a few days to complete this.  The candidates will be expecting your call, there is no set interview time therefore allowing you flexibility to call in the evening from home if necessary.   Resumes, telephone numbers etc will reach your desk tomorrow morning.   All phone screens to be completed by Tuesday pm: 16th October.

Any questions please call myself or Adrianne Engler.

Thanks,

 Karen.
x54667

what is our flight schedule for monday?

any substance to their argument or just their beliefs.

Thinks pwr suppliers in Calif shud be worried abt getting paid the long term contracts rates

The y/y spreads have come in decently over the past week and a half.  The 2/10 spread has moved from 104 to 94.  It may be a good time to move the 3-10 to a cal 2 trade.  Pira just gave their seasonal conference in NY and they are very bullish long term gas.
	Pira's
	forecast		Nymex 
Cal 2 	2.45		2.99
Cal 3	3.00		3.31	
Cal 4	3.70		3.40
Cal 5	4.00		3.48
Cal 6	4.10		3.57
Cal 7	4.20		3.66
Cal 8	4.30		3.75
Cal 9	3.60		3.84		(TransAlaska Highway Pipeline)
Cal 10	3.80		3.93
3-10	3.84		3.59

Regardless of what you think of Pira and long term price forecasts, the rest of the market does listen.  They have a tremendous amount of respect in the industry and affect how customers and producers hedge.  The flow, which has been buyers over for the way backs, I think will get more pronounced, especially if the front goes down.  

In the past week, I've sold Duke 40,000/d Cal 6-10 and 25,000/d Cal 7-10.  I've sold PGE maybe 30,000 day Cal 4-5.  The only seller has been El Paso whom I believe is hedging production.  He is trying to pressure the y/y spreads as a spec trade that I think was/is being done to front run the corp hedges.  I've used it as an opportunity to put a lot of spreads away for inventory down the road.  If you want to buy this strip back in the next 6 months, I think it's going to be much easier/cheaper to roll it closer.  

which way?

For your radar screen, I'm hearing that New Power Company may want to hedge out exposure today.  I'm unclear if it will be NYMEX, options or pipe options (T'CO) 
Details are sketchy, once I know I'll pass it on

Frank

The y/y spreads have come in decently over the past week and a half.  The 2/10 spread has moved from 104 to 94.  It may be a good time to move the 3-10 to a cal 2 trade.  Pira just gave their seasonal conference in NY and they are very bullish long term gas.
	Pira's
	forecast		Nymex 
Cal 2 	2.45		2.99
Cal 3	3.00		3.31	
Cal 4	3.70		3.40
Cal 5	4.00		3.48
Cal 6	4.10		3.57
Cal 7	4.20		3.66
Cal 8	4.30		3.75
Cal 9	3.60		3.84		(TransAlaska Highway Pipeline)
Cal 10	3.80		3.93
3-10	3.84		3.59

Regardless of what you think of Pira and long term price forecasts, the rest of the market does listen.  They have a tremendous amount of respect in the industry and affect how customers and producers hedge.  The flow, which has been buyers over for the way backs, I think will get more pronounced, especially if the front goes down.  

In the past week, I've sold Duke 40,000/d Cal 6-10 and 25,000/d Cal 7-10.  I've sold PGE maybe 30,000 day Cal 4-5.  The only seller has been El Paso whom I believe is hedging production.  He is trying to pressure the y/y spreads as a spec trade that I think was/is being done to front run the corp hedges.  I've used it as an opportunity to put a lot of spreads away for inventory down the road.  If you want to buy this strip back in the next 6 months, I think it's going to be much easier/cheaper to roll it closer.  

[Arnold, John]  We're working out today at 4:30 

i guess i have to keep my 395 price target.  just nothing bullish in the near term except crude.  and that's not enough now.  need to get to a new price regime to pick up more demand quickly.  

what do you think this week and next 3 weeks-----june expiry 4.20?
my numbers from mar 15.  would raise jun-augy by 10 cents because of the supportive weather we had from mar 15-apr 15

	arnold	
May-01	455	
Jun-01	395	
Jul-01	370	
Aug-01	350	
Sep-01	350	
Oct-01	360	
Nov-01	360	
Dec-01	325	
Jan-02	280	
		

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

I hated it

 

1.  I'm going to see T Boone Tuesday

2.  Fine me for Var for Friday.  I promise I'll buy on Monday.  

How about 7:00

See you wednesday at Sambuca.  What time?  Randy Aucoin will be joining
us.  Really look forward to seeing you.

Bob

Joey:
Can you round the price of following EOL deals from 10/9 with Cargill to four decimals while keeping the spread price the same:
1985332
1985333  

Thx,
John

no clue.  not a movie buff.

Name the movie. 

5-3-2
+255 - 120 = 135 your way

i owe you 120 - wow
 
all 150
 
balt -1
tb +3
chic/ariz over 39.5
car +5
giants +11 
sd +3
sf -3
miami -3
seattle +6.5
oak +3.5
 

What money?  I don't know what you're talking about

loser. it's 'better off dead' with John Cusack - popular when we were kids. unfortunately you were a dork and didn't play with the other kids your age, so you missed it. great line but means nothing if you haven't seen the movie.
 
can i come collect my $ from you today? i owe it to the box (it's a long story, i'll tell you later.) MSA

no clue.  not a movie buff.

Name the movie. 

I'll get it at lunch.

ha!ha! aren't you funny. looking.

What money?  I don't know what you're talking about

loser. it's 'better off dead' with John Cusack - popular when we were kids. unfortunately you were a dork and didn't play with the other kids your age, so you missed it. great line but means nothing if you haven't seen the movie.
 
can i come collect my $ from you today? i owe it to the box (it's a long story, i'll tell you later.) MSA

no clue.  not a movie buff.

Name the movie. 

damn, thought you forgot

plus 50 for the minni bet 185

5-3-2
+255 - 120 = 135 your way

i owe you 120 - wow
 
all 150
 
balt -1
tb +3
chic/ariz over 39.5
car +5
giants +11 
sd +3
sf -3
miami -3
seattle +6.5
oak +3.5
 

exactly

John,

I've spoken with Mark and I have received his resume.  Before I bring him in I just wanted to confirm that he is to interview with Crude and Products originators as well as one trader.  Please advise.

Thanks,
Johnny

none

I asked everyone for their A/A needs and received very little feedback.  Pl=
ease respond promptly.

Thanks =20

John

you got robbed...

-35

current 185

200 over 37 dallas/wash

it's the one thing that could really hit the market.  There are a lot of gas hedges on against those trades.  If they are torn up, a lot of gas in the back gets sold off hard.  Plus, The dynegys of the world lose $1 on their hedges.  

beliefs

any substance to their argument or just their beliefs.

Thinks pwr suppliers in Calif shud be worried abt getting paid the long term contracts rates

tom o'grady - aquilla - 861-527-1564

me, me, me....you girls are all the same

hey stupid-it is almost yr-end.  please do your mid-year reviews or i'm never going to squeeze limes for you again.

  i can't believe i've been reduced to pathetic begging and empty threats.  you're killing me.

do you have any time today around 5?

John, I dropped by yesterday and it looked like your meeting went over.  I can drop by after market today or monday.

Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@enron.com

Any time tomorrow afternoon around 3 or 4:45 to discuss?

Darren:
I think Dutch Quigley spoke to you about an individual who is trying to get set up with EOL for his personal account.  The person is Tony Annunziata from the Smith Barney AAA fund.  He meets the suitability tests as far as net worth and knowledgable investor.  He is also willing to post via LC or wire.  I gave him your number.  I would appreciate if you could expedite his credit application.

Thanks,
John

stg adjusted means factoring in cost of carry and taxes
stg curve looks more realistic in market areas when you add basis on.

john- thank you.. what do you mean by storage adjusted prices?  and also comment on non-discretionary stg at peak times.. why in producing region? 

Thanks.
Surprised your shorts are still so confident.  Trade shorts are quickly losing confidence based upon cash, shape of curve, and momentum.  I think curve flattens a little more and then comes down in parallel shift down.
1.  jan and feb are highest storage adjusted prices on curve.  For market area sales, add on basis and dec and march are next.  Question is whether there is enough non-discretionary stg to meet load at other times and in the producing region.  A lot of stg has to come out either for tariff or engineering reasons.  Million dollar question.  
2.  Think Nov bidweek will be weak.  Don't know who baseload buyers are unless trade gets bullish.  Nov is a relatively flat month as far as injections.  stg operators dont have room to buy baseload gas and I think utilities will be planning to meet load using stg.  At current prices, producers apply more pressure to wells, lng doesnt get diverted again, lose some load to resid, lose any momentum of industrial load coming back.  Dont think gas market can handle that.  
3.  No clue.

awesome call on cash.. it does not get any better than that.. you picked the bottom-  i am getting it slowly.. lots of calls today from people i do not speak to every day.. not too much panic from guys who are short.. most looking to put more on.. selling dec01 outright or buying gas daily puts on dec and jan... except pulaski  who pared down dec01 short with us from 4000 to 1000.. do not think he's got on alot elsewhere.  no one has anything on longer dated.. no one can figure out economy...
 
questions:
1. why would any of the discretionary storage operators withdraw gas in the winter based on the current curve?
2. where do you think index gets set this month? i am thinking that utilities will overestimate loads for Nov01 and buy more during bidweek.. index gets set high and depending on Nov weather.. it could come back onto the market weakening cash again..
3. do you have a view on eastern power for the winter? i do not understand the market drivers in the winter.
 
thanks very much,
c     

Tell him I'm free to meet Oct 19, 2085 at 2:00 AM.  See if that's ok with him.

John,

This guy has been trying to get in touch with you the last few days and I have been intercepting his calls.  I told him to email me the correspondance and I would make sure you received it.  Is this anything that would be of interest to you?

-Ina

Dear Ina,

Please forward the following to John Armold:

John, my name is Mark Sullivan with PROS Revenue Management and we are the
world's leader in revenue management technology for the airline and energy
industries, among others.  On Monday, November 5, in Houston we will be
holding an Energy Profit Optimization Workshop which will demonstrate how
you can use revenue optimization technology to increase your revenues by
10-25% in EACH of your Trading, Transportation and Storage operations while
also reducing your operating costs.  This workshop has proven to be a
significant career enhancing event for people in the energy field,
particularly at the Senior Trader level, and I strongly encourage you to
attend.  I would be happy to tell you more about it if you would call me
back at 713-335-5812 or you can visit our website at www.prosrm.com which
provides more information, directions and free registration.

Best regards,
Mark

Mark F. Sullivan
Director Business Development
PROS Revenue Management, Inc.
email:  msullivan@prosrm.com
Ph:  (713) 335-5812, Fax:  (713) 335-8144

I referred him to Lavorato

Shuttlesworth just called me again regarding Enron's feelings to a PIRA gas storage survey.  I gave him your number and told him to call you directly.

Eric

Liz:
Just wanted to thank you for the astros playoff tix.  Thanks for thinking of me.  Maybe you'll invite me up to see your new digs before the move....
John

your guys are probably seeing this as well, but, 50 cents higher our customer biz was 95/5 from buy side.  now it's 50/50.  can almost smell blood among the producers.  only problem is trade is sooooo short they cant see straight.  were the market still not so fundamentally overvalued right now i'd be looking for a 25 cent move up.  just can't see that happening at this level though.  

This guy is working on an EOL project for me right now.  Can you send him a file with our EOL trades for today or yesterday with product, price, buy/sell, and timestamp but counterparty names deleted

John, just a reminder, please send a sample gapping data when you get a chance.

Ravi Thuraisingham, CFA
Director, Storage Trading
Enron Broadband Services
p  713.853.3057
c  713.516.5440
pg 877.680.4806
ravi.thuraisingham@enron.com

 

3:00 up here

John,
Please let me know what time to come up this afternoon.  Thanks-Jeb x-5-3609

I want to have a group mtg from 4:00-5:00 today to discuss some of the enron issues and then vol if we have a chance.

so how'd it go in NY?

Just wanted to thank you for the gift basket.  I usually don't like them because they have crappy wine, but that was actually a really good bottle.  Sat out on my patio last night drinkning wine and eating cheese and fruit.  Thanks.

3-5

DENVER -3
ARIZ +2.5
MINN +3.5
PHILI +9 UNDER 41.5 TEASE
 
ALL 150
 
 

Louise has no problem as long as approved by legal and credit

John-
Have you had the chance to speak to Louise about individuals trading on EOL?

Darren:
I think Dutch Quigley spoke to you about an individual who is trying to get set up with EOL for his personal account.  The person is Tony Annunziata from the Smith Barney AAA fund.  He meets the suitability tests as far as net worth and knowledgable investor.  He is also willing to post via LC or wire.  I gave him your number.  I would appreciate if you could expedite his credit application.

Thanks,
John

Since I have no idea what you're talking about, I guess I was a little drunk.  

Where do I begin?  I guess I could start with several excuses or reasons to justify my behavior on Friday, but the truth is there aren't any.  I only am left with total humiliation and embarrassment for my actions, words, and behavior.  Please accept my sincere apology.

Sandra

can you buy 10,000,000 more please

I just bought ENE at 20.20. I think its called "opportunity".

do you want to go to learn what happened or do you want to go yell at those guys/see those guys get yelled at?

only if you promise to post regular updates on the trucking market.  

call chris gaskill to get the password.  

	sign me up for the gas message board

Daniel:
Can you include me in the nymex nat gas advisory panel meeting today?
John Arnold
Enron

Just a followup to our phone call earlier this morning.   Have begun to see short-term intraday topping patterns.   Natural has reached its mid-range of price objectives.  See no rationale  for holding significant length here.  Winter months seem especially high  and most vulnerable to correction.  The first hour's negative close  produced a sell signal against today's high.  Still too early to ascertain  if this is the end of entire up move.  Have targets into early next week,  but mkt. has reached where it needed to.

I had yes to Zaun and no to the others

Good Morning John - 
 
Below is the result of Harry Aurora's conversations with the candidates...
 
Please respond if you agree/disagree or other comments....
 
Michael Scarlata - MAYBE
 
Donald Timpanaro - NO
 
Jeffrey Zaun - YES
 
Thank you, 
 
Adrianne
x57302

schweiger's been preparing for that mtg since wednesday.  how do you think lay/whalley did?

I wanted to see how they would handle themselves - glad i did.  I guess Schweig did all the yelling for everyone....

do you want to go to learn what happened or do you want to go yell at those guys/see those guys get yelled at?

spinnaker, one of fred's customer's , unwound a hedge today because they dont want exposure to us.

not mad at you 

Jon, can't say it on the desk in front of  Matt.  I had nothing to do with that trade.  I cover your line so I  had to make the call.  I am not out here taking garbage about Enron or  anything like that.  That's why I called Brian in London to call you.   Please beleive me.  That was arranged between them.  I work neither  Phibro or EKoch.
 
Andy Colman   (Spectron)

Fitch Puts Enron On Rating Watch Negative
Bloomberg, 10/25/01

STOCKWATCH Enron higher after dismissing CFO Fastow
AFX News, 10/25/01

DJ Concerned Energy Cos Make Few Changes In Enron Dealings
2001-10-25 14:13 (New York)

Calif Guarantees Allow Williams To Book Power Revenues
Dow Jones Energy Service, 10/25/01
Stocks Expected to Open Lower, Hurt By Weak Economic News
Dow Jones Business News, 10/25/01

Kaplan Fox Seeks To Recover Losses For Investors Who Purchased E
Bloomberg, 10/25/01

Enron CNBC: Squawk Box, 
10/25/01

Fitch Puts Enron On Rating Watch Negative
2001-10-25 13:49 (New York)

Fitch Puts Enron On Rating Watch Negative

Fitch-NY-October 25, 2001: Fitch places the following Enron
securities on Rating Watch Negative: senior unsecured debt
`BBB+'; subordinated debt `BBB'; preferred stock `BBB-`;
and commercial paper `F2'. Pipeline subsidiary `A-` rated
senior unsecured debt at Northern Natural Gas Co. and
Transwestern Pipeline Co., are also placed on Rating Watch
Negative.

The rating action primarily relates to the negative capital
market reaction to recent disclosures by the company. The
loss of investor and counterparty confidence, if it
continues, would impair Enron's financial flexibility and
access to capital markets, therefore, impacting its ability
to conduct its business. On Oct. 16, 2001, Enron announced
a $1 billion after-tax charge to earnings to be taken in
the third quarter of 2001 and a reduction of balance sheet
equity by $1.2 billion relating to the unwinding of
structured transactions. Since that time, there have been
several damaging news reports on the company and its
management. More importantly, investors have voiced
concerns. Enron's common stock price has plummeted and
spreads on its debt have widened.

The company has attempted to quell rumors and has publicly
stated that it has adequate liquidity to conduct its
business. Approximately $1.5 billion of unused liquidity is
available under committed bank lines.

An additional concern is that certain structured
transactions of the company including Marlin Water Trust II
and Osprey could unwind. While various sources of repayment
exist, such as the sale or liquidation of underlying
assets, or an equity offering, primary credit support is
derived from the Enron obligation to remarket mandatorily
convertible preferred stock if an amount sufficient to
repay the notes has not been deposited with the trustee 120
days prior to the maturity date or upon a note trigger
event. In the event that the issuance of the preferred
stock yields less than the amount required to redeem the
senior notes in either case, Enron is required to deliver
additional shares. If Enron cannot or does not deliver on
its obligation, then the amount of the deficiency becomes a
payment obligation of Enron, representing a general
unsecured claim. While trigger events include a downgrade
of Enron's senior unsecured debt below investment grade by
one of the major rating agencies in conjunction with
specified declines in Enron's closing stock price over
three consecutive trading days, Enron would have a
forebearance period of 60 days as long as an attempt was
being made to register the shares. The total amount of
Marlin and Osprey debt is approximately $3.2 billion. Enron
has not verified that the underlying assets have adequate
market value to fully pay down the associated debt.

While capital market uncertainties have escalated, Fitch
has no information to indicate that there are any
fundamental problems with Enron's core wholesale, retail,
and pipeline businesses. Fitch expects to be in contact
with the company on a continuing basis to both monitor
ongoing events and address strategic, longer-term issues.

STOCKWATCH Enron higher after dismissing CFO Fastow

10/25/2001
AFX News
(c) 2001 by AFP-Extel News Ltd

NEW YORK (AFX) - Share of Enron were higher in opening trade, after the company dismissed its chief financial officer, Andrew Fastow, due to his past involvement in running two partnerships, in which Enron had invested, dealers said. 
At 9.56 am, Enron was up 1.13 usd, or 6.95 pct, at 17.55. The DJIA was down 138.60 points at 9,207.52, the S&P 500 index was down 15.95 pts at 1,069.00 and the Nasdaq composite down 39.02 at 1,692.52.
Enron said it named Jeff McMahon CFO to replace Fastow, after announcing Monday that the Securities and Exchange Commission is looking into the Fastow-related transactions. 
"In my continued discussions with the financial community, it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy as CFO," said chief executive Kenneth Lay in a statement. 
Enron shares have fallen sharply in recent days on concerns over financial transactions made with the two partnerships, LJM Cayman LP and LJM2 Co-Investment LP, which analysts said could affect future earnings and which have prompted class action suits against the company. 
McMahon, who had been serving as chairman and CEO of Enron's Industrial Markets group, had quit his job as treasurer last year, after voicing concerns within the company about Fastow's role in running the two partnerships, according to the Wall Street Journal. 
This morning, Salomon Smith Barney analyst Raymond Niles downgraded Enron to "buy- speculative," from "buy-high risk", to reflect his concerns that "lingering uncertainty over financial practices may begin to impair Enron's commercial operations." 
"This is the least likely outcome, in our view, but one whose likelihood has increased over the last week as questions continue to be asked," he said. 
ng/lj For more information and to contact AFX: www.afxnews.com and www.afxpress.com

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

=DJ Concerned Energy Cos Make Few Changes In Enron Dealings
2001-10-25 14:13 (New York)

   By Mark Golden, Kristen McNamara, Jon Kamp and John Edmiston 
   Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
 
  NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Energy trading companies have concerns about the credit
quality of troubled Enron Corp. (ENE), but they have made almost no changes in
policies concerning the top trader of North American power and gas, the
companies said Thursday. 

  The concerns have arisen because Enron, which accounts for about a quarter of
the trade in the country's power and gas markets, has seen its share price fall
by a third this week due to uncertainties about its extremely complex financial
structure. 

  Moody's has put Enron's credit on watch for possible downgrade, and some of
the company's debt is trading like junk bonds in the secondary market this
week. 

  "We have made no changes to our credit policy concerning Enron," said John
Sousa, chief spokesmann for Dynegy Inc. (DYN). "It's business as usual." 

  Williams Cos. (WMB) spokesman Jim Gipson said that his company, too, has made
no changes and has no concerns about Enron's credit. Another Top 10 power and
gas trading company, Aquila (ILA), has also left Enron credit unchanged. 

  Other companies expressed concern, though they've taken little if any action.

  "Like everyone else in the marketplace, we're proceeding with caution," said
Lora Kinner, director of credit for Tractebel Energy Marketing, the North
American subsidiary of the Belgian company Tractebel S.A. 

  Kinner said the company is just looking for more information and doesn't
expect to make any drastic changes. 
 

Calif Guarantees Allow Williams To Book Power Revenues
By Andrew Dowell
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES

10/25/2001
Dow Jones Energy Service
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)

NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Clarifications by California as to what electricity transactions the state will back enabled Williams Cos. (WMB) to book $180 million in power sales from the previous period as third-quarter revenues, the company said Thursday. 
The revenues came from power Williams sold through the California Independent System Operator, which runs the state's wholesale power market and clears and settles transactions.
The state of California has paid more than $11 billion for power bought directly from suppliers, but has yet to pay for any ISO power since it took over the job of buying power for the state's ailing utilities in mid-January. Two weeks ago, however, the state made clear for the first time which ISO transactions it would back. 
"It's that fact that has allowed us for the first time to recognize dollars from sales to the California ISO," Williams Chief Operating Officer Steven Malcolm said on a conference call Wednesday. 
Williams reported third-quarter net income of $221.3 million on revenues of $2.81 billion, up from $121.1 million on revenues of $2.33 billion in the same period the year before. 
Williams is now in talks with California to secure payment for its ISO sales. The process is complicated by the state's role as guarantor of transactions undertaken on behalf of the utilities, which aren't creditworthy enough to buy power for themselves. The ISO didn't envision third-party guarantors when it set up its settlement process, and state accounting rules require more detailed bills than those sent out by the ISO each month, state power officials have said. 
The state says it has set aside $1.2 billion to cover ISO transactions. 
As reported, suppliers including Williams had charged the state with deliberately muddling the repayment issue to keep power flowing for free. 
Willing To Renegotiate 

Separately, Williams' officers also said the company was willing to discuss reworking its long-term contracts with California, provided the result benefited both parties. 
California Gov. Gray Davis is under heavy fire for having locked the state into contracts running as long as 20 years at prices negotiated at the peak of a market that has since collapsed. 
Both sides could potentially benefit from changes to the length of the term of the contracts or the specifics of power-supply obligations - perhaps freeing up supply that Williams thinks it could get more money for on the spot market, Malcolm said. 
"We're always willing to sit down with a customer," Malcolm said. 
Williams hasn't been approached by the state to renegotiate the contracts, Malcolm said. 
Any attempt by California to force through one-sided changes is unlikely and could backfire for the state by disrupting plans for new power plants, he said. 
"To the extent contracts are changed, financing is going to go away," he said. 
Downplaying Enron Opportunities 

Williams downplayed its ability to capitalize on the recent troubles of market-leader Enron Corp. (ENE), saying it focuses on large, long-term structured deals, not the high-volume, physical-market transactions that Enron dominates, Malcolm said. 
Also, TradeSpark - the Internet-based energy exchange in which Williams is a partner - is limited for now in its ability to expand and take volume from Enron's proprietary system EnronOnline because of the horrific losses operator Cantor Fitzgerald (X.CFZ) suffered in the attacks on the World Trade Center. 
"That's interrupted the rapid growth we were seeing," Williams Chief Executive Keith Bailey said on the call. 
Enron, which accounts for about a quarter of the trade in the country's power and gas markets and which makes a market for those commodities on EnronOnline, has seen its share price fall by a third this week due to uncertainties about its extremely complex financial structure. 
Those concerns have raised questions about the business model of EnronOnline, a platform on which Enron is the counterparty in all trades. Those concerns could eventually boost volume on neutral exchanges like TradeSpark. 
"We continue to believe in the neutral platform that TradeSpark offers," Malcolm said. 
TradeSpark LP was formed by eSpeed Inc. (ESPD), Cantor Fitzgerald (X.CFZ), Shell (RD) unit Coral Energy, Dominion (D), Koch Energy Trading Inc., TXU Corp.'s (TXU) TXU Energy unit and Williams Cos.' Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Co. 
-By Andrew Dowell, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-4430; andrew.dowell@dowjones.com

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

Stocks Expected to Open Lower, Hurt By Weak Economic News

10/25/2001
Dow Jones Business News
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)

A Wall Street Journal Online News Roundup 
Stocks are expected to open with losses Thursday, weighed down by disappointing U.S. economic news and the European Central Bank's decision to leave interest rates unchanged.
About an hour before the New York Stock Exchange opened, futures on the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index were sharply lower, suggesting that the Dow Jones Industrial Average will post a 94-point loss at the opening bell. 
In one of a trio of negative economic reports, the Commerce Department said orders for durable goods, or products expected to last more than three years, tumbled 8.5% in September. That was a much steeper drop than the 0.9% decline forecast by economists surveyed by Thomson Global Markets. 
Meanwhile, the Labor Department reported that the number of Americans filing new claims for state unemployment insurance rose to 504,000 for the week ended Oct. 20. That was more than the 500,000 jobless claims expected by economists. 
The Labor Department also said that the employment-cost index rose 1% in the third quarter, slightly more than expected. The indicator measures changes in compensation costs, including wages and salaries, as well as costs for employee benefits. 
Later, at 10 a.m. EDT, the National Association of Realtors is expected to say that 5.26 million existing homes were sold last month, down from the 5.5 million sold in August. 
Prior to release of the economic news, S&P futures had pointed to a weaker opening on Wall Street, after the ECB left rates alone despite growing political pressure for another rate cut to help the stumbling European economy. 
In addition to pouring over Thursday's economic reports, investors will spend much of the session sorting through a mountain of earnings reports, said Peter Cardillo, director of research at Westfalia Investments. 
Among companies that announced quarterly earnings so far, Dow Chemical said third-quarter net income plunged 84%, hurt by weak demand, substantial price declines and a slew of charges mostly related to acquisition expenses and restructuring at Dow Corning. 
Among other stocks to watch, Enron on Wednesday replaced its finance chief, Andrew Fastow, capping a tumultuous day in which the Houston powerhouse saw its stock price continue to fall sharply. 
States suing Microsoft are hiring one of the nation's top trial lawyers, signaling they may seek a harsher antitrust remedy than the White House. Meanwhile, the software giant's Windows XP formally makes its debut Thursday. 
In key overseas markets, stocks were mixed. London's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-Share Index was down 1.2% in intraday trading, while Frankfurt's DAX was 0.9% lower. Earlier in the day, Japan's Nikkei 225 average closed with a gain of 0.7%, and Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index rose 0.2%. 
In Wednesday's session, Wall Street continued to shrug off disappointing earnings news, and focused instead on hopes that low interest rates and the government's economic-stimulus program will produce a recovery. 
Technology issues saw much of the buying, with the Nasdaq Composite Index rising 27.10 points, or 1.6%, to 1731.54. The Dow industrials inched 5.54 points, or 0.1%, higher to close at 9345.62, despite substantial losses in two of its components, Eastman Kodak and AT&T, which issued weak outlooks. 
In major U.S. market action Wednesday: 
Major stock indexes advanced. But on the Big Board, where 1.34 billion shares traded, 1,374 stocks rose and 1,743 fell. On the Nasdaq, 1.89 billion shares changed hands. 
Bonds gained. The 10-year Treasury note rose 13/32, or $4.0625 for each $1,000 invested. The yield, which moves inversely to price, fell to 4.588%. The 30-year bond was up 23/32 to yield 5.330%. Early Thursday, the 10-year note was up 10/32 to yield 4.553% while the long bond was 17/32 higher, yielding 5.303%. 
The dollar was mixed. Late in New York, it traded at 122.87 yen, up from 122.68, while the euro rose against the dollar to 89.35 U.S. cents from 89.07. Early Thursday in New York, the dollar bought 123.17 yen and traded at 88.27 cents to the euro. 
For continuously updated news from The Wall Street Journal, see WSJ.com at http://wsj.com. 
Copyright (c) 2001 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 
All Rights Reserved.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 	

Kaplan Fox Seeks To Recover Losses For Investors Who Purchased E
2001-10-25 12:07 (New York)

Kaplan Fox Seeks To Recover Losses For Investors Who Purchased Enron
Corp. Common Stock

NEW YORK, NY -- (INTERNET WIRE) -- 10/25/01 -- Kaplan Fox
(kaplanfox.com) has filed a class action against Enron Corp. and
certain of the Company's officers and directors in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Texas.  The suit is
brought on behalf of all persons or entities who purchased the common
stock of Enron Corporation ("Enron") (NYSE: ENE) between January 18,
2000 and October 17, 2001, inclusive (the "Class Period").

The complaint charges Enron Corp. and certain of its officers and
directors with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
The complaint alleges that during the Class Period, defendants
engaged in asset and securities sales to closely related affiliates
and interested parties, which disguised Enron's true financial
position.  Many of the details of these transactions were hidden from
the public.  Defendants used these asset sales to falsely improve
Enron's balance sheet, thereby maintaining Enron shares at an
artificially inflated price.  Certain Enron executives, who held
positions in the affiliates that presented clear conflicts of
interest, reaped millions of dollars in personal gains from these
transactions.

The complaint further alleges that during the Class Period, Defendants
made misleading statements regarding the potential value of Enron's
Broadband business, in order to artificially boost Enron's share
price.  With knowledge that Enron's Broadband business would never
post a profit and was seriously overvalued, Defendants continued to
make misleading statements about the Broadband business in order to
maintain the share price at its artificially inflated levels.
Defendants used the artificially inflated value of Enron's Broadband
business to hedge against, in order to gain millions of dollars in
financing.  Defendants failed to disclose the risk of these financing
arrangements.  Defendants hid the true nature of Enron's earnings,
its hedging, its businesses, and the correct state of Enron's
finances from its investors and the market, further artificially
inflating Enron's share price.  While the stock was artificially
inflated for the above reasons, Enron executives engaged in extensive
insider trading, gaining personal proceeds of approximately $482
million during the Class Period, before the public became aware of
the above practices.

Plaintiff seeks to recover damages on behalf of the Class and is
represented by Kaplan Fox & Kilsheimer LLP.  Our firm, with offices
in New York, San Francisco, Chicago and New Jersey has many years of
experience in prosecuting investor class actions and actions
involving financial fraud. For more information about Kaplan Fox &
Kilsheimer LLP, you may visit our website at www.kaplanfox.com

If you are a member of the Class, you may move the court no later than
December 21, 2001 to serve as a lead plaintiff for the Class.    In
order to serve as a lead plaintiff, you must meet certain legal
requirements.

If you have any questions about this Notice, the action, your rights,
or your interests, please e-mail us at mail@kaplanfox.com or contact:

Kaplan Fox & Kilsheimer LLP - 805 Third Avenue,  22nd Floor - New York,
NY 10022

Kaplan Fox & Kilsheimer LLP - 100 Pine Street, 26th Floor - San
Francisco, CA 94111

Contact: Frederic S. Fox, Esq., Kaplan Fox & Kilsheimer LLP
Phone: 800-290-1952
Fax: 212-687-7714
Email: mail@kaplanfox.com

    Date      October 25, 2001
    Time      07:00 AM - 08:00 AM
    Station   CNBC
    Location  Network
    Program   The Squawk Box

              Mark Haines, co-anchor:

              Joe Kernen, what's going on?

              Joe Kernen, co-anchor:

              We've got to shift gears into this Enron situation which
              has just been--you've been talking about it quite a bit,
              David--how could you not talk about it?  Seventy-six
              million shares yesterday, down fifty percent in the last
              two weeks.  This is a company with--what?--a hundred
              million in revenues.

              James Cramer, guest market commentator:

              Maybe.

              Kernen:  Yeah, right.  Anyone who does any trading in
              energy apparently, you know, uses Enron Online, so anything
              that destabilizes Enron to a great extent could destabilize
              the whole energy trading arena and...

              Cramer:  Go ahead, say it!  Say what you're thinking!  No
              one has said it yet.  We know the truth.  We believe that
              Enron caused a national short squeeze.  They knew every
              single number in this gas situation.  They wrecked the
              California utility system and profited from it.  That's my
              bet.  My bet that this--they had--look, they were the
              market maker.  Imagine if Instinet knew what you were going
              to be buying and took it ahead of you.  I think they
              cornered the market for electricity for about four months,
              made a huge fortune and now the company is unraveling and
              when someone--when the Justice Department gets in there
              we're going to discover this.

              Kernen:  Let's see what happened...

              Haines:  Now, wait a second...

              David Faber, co-anchor:

              Whoa, whoa, whoa!  The Justice Department, Jim?  Now, is
              that new?  Is that something--

              Cramer:  No, that would be, if I were a prosecutor,
              something...

              Faber:  OK, so they are not being investigated?

              Cramer:  Well, no, I'm actually being a little forward
              thinking.

              Kernen:  The SEC wants documents about the limited
              partnership transactions of Mr.--

              Faber:  Which is very different from what Jim is talking
              about.

              Cramer:  No, I'm saying that this is what, if I were an
              enterprising prosecutor, I would say, Did we have a
              nationwide short squeeze in electricity caused by one
              company that had access to all the screens and knew exactly
              what was happening with the electricity market which then
              wrecked the California utility system, cost the consumer
              billions of dollars, and is now being hushed up?

              Kernen:  Well, let's talk about the actual news.  Here's
              yesterday's trading--

              Haines:  Wait a minute.

              Kernen:  Well, I just want to say that the guy is gone now.
              That's the new news here.  Did you read--did you know that
              Fastow, after four--

              Faber:  Late yesterday.

              Kernen:  Yeah, after four o'clock, Fastow is gone.  What's
              interesting--

              Faber:  He's the CFO--

              Kernen:  But he's a new CFO.

              Faber:  --who benefitted personally from some of these
              off balance sheet partnerships.

              Cramer:  Mark, you know, I'm not on thin ice here, I'm not
              on thin ice.

              Haines:  I just want to make sure we understand that this
              is your theory.

              Cramer:  This is my theory.

              Haines:  OK.

              Cramer:  It is just a theory.  It is my opinion.  But I
              think we've got to find out more about that short squeeze
              that occurred.

              Haines:  OK.

              Cramer:  We need to find out whether it was orchestrated.

              Kernen:  The new CFO might help regain some credibility for
              the company because he was the old treasurer who left that
              position a year or so ago because of some disagreements
              with how Mr. Fastow was doing business apparently.  So now
              he's back as CFO and we'll whether that calms the market
              down.

              Faber:  Well, what they need to do-- Joe, they need to come
              clean.  I mean, that is what all the investors in Enron and
              those who've left the company as investors over this last
              week have wanted.  Let's see everything; be as transparent
              as you possibly can be; tell us exactly what we need to
              know.  And as much as they need to come clean with their
              investors, they need to come clean with their trading
              counterparties because that is really what people are
              concerned about.

              Kernen:  Why is the credit worthiness issue such a big
              deal?  Anyone who does trading with them, if their credit
              worthiness were to go--if their credit rating were to go
              down, how would that affect energy trading?

              Faber:  Well, you want to know that they're going to be
              there on the other side and make good on the trades.

              Kernen:  I guess you would, wouldn't you?

              Faber:  Right.  Not that they aren't, but why would you--if
              you can trade with seven other guys--seven other companies,
              maybe you cut back a little bit on your exposure there.

              Kernen:  Now, why would--

              Faber:  And that would hurt their core business.

              Kernen:  Why are people expecting some type of action from
              the credit agencies, not because of the stock price, right?
              Because of something that could unravel--

              Faber:  Because of something related to these liabilities
              they may have--

              Kernen:  That they don't know about at this point.

              Faber:  --that they may have with regard to funding some of
              these off balance sheet partnerships that they backstopped
              in terms of borrowing that went on at the project level at
              the off balance sheet partnership.  Will it be a liability?
              They don't know.  But that's one of the reasons--

              Kernen:  We're talking hundreds of millions or billions?

              Faber:  They don't know.

              Kernen:  But there were billions of dollars in limited
              partners?

              Faber:  Yes.  About three billion in financing, I think is
              what some analysts estimated.

              Kernen:  This is a pretty big number.

              Faber:  Yeah, they can get to most of that with the assets
              that they have in the partnerships themselves.

              Kernen:  I use a six month chart to show what's happened
              over the last two weeks.  You got to look at here.  But if
              we went back a year, you'd see eighty as far as the high
              for Enron.  Now we're at sixteen.

              Faber:  Everybody else took a hit yesterday.  Dynegy got
              hurt.

              Kernen:  Well, I got Dynegy next.  Don't--  Here we go.

              Faber:  I'm sorry.  I'm getting a little excited.

              Kernen:  You are.

              Faber:  Enthusiastic about your charts.

              Kernen:  There's a weekly chart of Dynegy, and you know
              what's coming next, don't you?  Now I'm worried about the
              utility average.  I've worried about the transportation
              average a lot in my career.  Mark, now the utilities have
              replaced my worries.  I'm angst-ridden.  Did you see this
              chart?  We're breaking below the--

              Cramer:  That's a positive, not a negative, Joe.

              Kernen:  What's wrong with Cramer today?  What happened?

              Cramer:  I'm all fired up!

              Faber:  He really is.  My, God, he's got the DOJ getting
              all crazy, the FBI, the CIA.  You going down to En--you
              going down to Houston yourself?

              Cramer:  I may just have to.  I may have to clean up that
              whole city.

              Kernen:  Jim, why would the--that's the--now getting down
              to the lows, I mean, the other averages have come back
              quite a bit from the post-attack lows, the utilities are
              retesting those.  That's not something to worry about?

              Cramer:  No, because I think there's a lot of money going
              into more cyclical issues.  I think the economy is showing
              signs of getting better.  The consumer is certainly much
              stronger than we thought.  The base book didn't say the
              corporate was strong, but the consumer is strong.  Much
              stronger than before.

              Kernen:  All right.  In the past people have worried about
              the utility averages being a leading indicator, though.  I
              don't--we're talking about four hundred to two-ninety at
              this point.  That's a long way.

              Cramer:  This average has got a lot of problems to it, but
              I still think that--

              Kernen:  It's no longer the--

              Cramer:  --you sell this as safety.  We don't want safety
              as much as we want a little bit more reciprocality.

                        # # #

I''ll be drinking either at front porch or little woodrows

Veronica:
Deutsche Bank asked me to ask you to call their maintenance margin person, John Jones, at 212 469 6773.  I think they are trying to margin us.  
John

can you arrange a mtg between the desk heads as soon after 1:30 as possible.

will see you there (most probably)

My floor looks good - now i just have to paint.  Have fun in San Antonio.  Monday morning?

i like that feeling...as long as someone doesnt punch you in the gut.  i'm going to san antonio at lunch today to play soccer so i just took the day off.  catching up on 2 weeks of email.   i know how to relax don't i

Every single muscle in my stomach is sore.

I am sorry you lost the trade but this is not a matter that should be worked in the broker market nor should anybody be looking to profit off the situation. It is being handled directly to ensure the integity and liquidity in the market that is beneficial to all.  
  
  
  
  

that kid is hilarious.  Do you know what his last name is?

I'm gonna GETCHA

There will be a desk head mtg tomorrow, Sunday, at 3:00 on the 33rd floor per Lavorato to discuss positions and strategy.  Please confirm via email.  My cell # is 713 557 3330 if there are any problems.  

cancel?

All

A reminder that you are scheduled to interview for the Trading Track Thursday,  November 1st, from 2.00 pm onwards.   Resumes and schedules will be forwarded to you shortly.

Regards,

Karen Buckley

Savita:
I'm going to need an additional report daily for the next couple weeks: for the top 50 counterparties a summary of total EOL volumes and phys gas volumes for average of rolling 30 days, average of rolling 5 days, and previous day with volume differentials in percent relative to 30 day average.  For instance :

TOTAL VOLUMES	
		Previous day		5 day			30 day
Aquilla		240  	-20%		330	+10%		300
El Paso		275 	+10%		200	-20%		250

US GAS PHYS FWD FIRM <= 1 MONTH

				BUY							SELL
		Previous day		5 day			30 day		Previous day		5 day			30 day
Aquilla		24  	-20%		33	+10%		30		16  	-20%		24	+20%		20	
El Paso		30 	+20%		20	-20%		25		5 	-50%		10	0		10

Please advise how quickly you can put this together.

I went already lazy

Did you go this morning?  If not, do you want to go after work?

give her my email.

when are we leaving?

Kelly Busch (from Energy Argus) asked for your contact info.  Is it OK to
give it to her?  Email and/or cell?

The information contained in this communication is confidential and
proprietary information intended only for the individual or entity to whom
it is addressed.  Any unauthorized use, distribution, copying, or disclosure
of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this
communication in error, please contact the sender immediately.  If you
believe this communication is inappropriate or offensive, please contact
Ocean Energy`s Human Resources Department.

Bo:
I may need to post some EFS after the close today.  Can you get that process approved?

(See attached file: Delta11-27.xls)

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
	----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for the addressees and are confidential. If you receive this message in error, please delete it and immediately notify the sender.

Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS (and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message if modified.
 - Delta11-27.xls 

i'm gonna try

Are you going to hang out with me and Camille tonight?

yea

nevermind.  are you at work?

huh?

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

No english?  i got the math.

                                                   probability   *
payout    =
1 heads                                            .5        0    = 0
   tails       2 heads                                  .25       1
= .25
              tails      3 heads                        .125           2
= .25
                       tails       4 heads              .0625          4
= .25
                                 tails        5 heads   .03125         8
= .25

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

which game is that?

Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 *
8+....
                   = 0        +.25       +.25      +.25      +.25      +...
                   = infinity

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

Hey Adam:
sorry for the delay.  just been very busy.  congrats on joining enron.  think you made the right chioce.  i would recommend structuring.  it's a good way to understand how enron works, how we look at and manage risk, and you get close to the trading component.  a friend of mine, ed mcmichael runs the gas structuring group.  try emiling him probably at emcmich@enron.com.  keep in touch,
john

Hi John,

I hope your gas markets are moving nicely this week.  Its
been a long time since we talked, but a lot has happened.
But the most important thing has been my decision to join
Enron. At this point, I am looking around for a rotation,
and I have received a lot of advice pointing me towards
Gas/Power Structuring and RAC rotations.  I am wondering if
you know some people in these areas who might be looking
for analysts.  I have heard that traders work closely with
the structured finance and RAC guys, true?  If you have
time please let me know if you know of anything.

Thanks,

Adam Bayer

Please call me asap

(See attached file: NGDelta11-28.xls)

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
	----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for the addressees and are confidential. If you receive this message in error, please delete it and immediately notify the sender.

Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS (and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message if modified.
 - NGDelta11-28.xls 

The Jan is confirmed.

The Cal 2 is not yet.

John,

Four trades to confirm.

Enron sells 625 F01 swaps @ 2.69 to Oneok
Enron buys 625 F01 swaps @ 2.69 from PGE

Enron sells 150/mo Cal02 swap 2.89 to BOA
Enron buys 150/mo Cal02 swap 2.89 from Calpine.

Thank you,

Brad.

Remember: Prebon party next Thurs.  Mercury room.

The main number at the exchange is
212-299-2000

John-

Jeff needs Bo Collins' contact info. at the NYMEX.

Thanks,
jennifer

Jennifer Burns
Executive Assistant to Jeff Shankman
Enron Global Markets, LLC

Although I love you, that's not appropriate for any 3 way sleeves.  EFS should be billed normally.

Along the lines of our conversation a few weeks back...we don't want to take advantage of the situation Enron is in.  By default you were billed on the sell side of each transaction.  If that is not appropriate please let me know and we will zero out the commission.
  
Yourlonely Brokers,
  
  
Frank & Rick
  
  
  
  

yea.  Give me your cell and home numbers.

John,
	I am sure that you are incredibly busy at this time.  If you have a few minutes over the next few days I would like to speak with you briefly.  I live downtown so any time and place is fine.  Please let me know when there is a good time.
									Sincerely,
										Jeb

try to net woth bank of america the cal 4,5

 <<Enron open otc nymex swaps PGE.xls>>      Thanks... Ira

PG&E National Energy Group and any other
company referenced herein that uses the PG&E name or
logo are not the same company as Pacific Gas and
Electric Company, the regulated California utility.  Neither
PG&E National Energy Group nor these other
referenced companies are regulated by the California Public
Utilities Commission.  Customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Company
do not have to buy products from these companies in order
to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility.

 - Enron open otc nymex swaps PGE.xls << File: Enron open otc nymex swaps PGE.xls >> 

EFS Transaction
  
BNP Paribas wants to....
  
Cal02
Buy      20         May02  swaps
Buy      136       Jun02    swaps
Buy      143       jul02     swaps
Buy      145       aug02   swaps   
Buy      124       sep02   swaps   
Buy      131       oct02    swaps
Buy      89         nov02    swaps
Buy      94         dec02   swaps
  
Cal03
Sell       143       Jan03    swaps
Sell       35         feb03    swaps
Sell       142       mar03   swaps
Sell       44         apr03    swaps
Sell       44         may03  swaps
Sell       44         jun03    swaps
Sell       44         jul03     swaps
Sell       44         aug03   swaps   
Sell       44         sep03   swaps
Sell       44         oct03    swaps
Sell       99         nov03    swaps   
Sell       100       dec03  swaps
  
I have to do all of the cal2 and cal3 pieces or it's a no go...cantdo parts
  
Cal04
Sell       20         jan04    swaps
Sell       19         feb04    swaps   
Sell       20         mar04   swaps
The cal 04 stuff is good to go...no strings attached
  
  
BNP would do the opposite to the futures.
  
Thanks

find out who they deal with and I'll try to find a counterparty that has the other side

AND ONE MORE....GLOBAL NEEDS TO SELL 50/MTH APR-OCT 02 NG SWAPS.

THEY ARE WONDERING IF:
A) IF WE KNOW WHO WE ORIGINALLY OFFSET THEIR TRADES WITH- COULD
THEY CALL THEM DIRECT AND WE WILL "REASSIGN" THE TRADE. SO NO NE
T CHANGE TO YOUR CURRENT POSTION.

B) IF WE ARE GOING TO IMMEDIATELY OFFSET TODAYS TRADES WITH SOME
ONE, COULD THEY CONFERENCE ALL OF US TO AGREE ON A PRICE FOR THE
M TO TRADE WITH BOTH CPTYS.

C) IF THEIR TRADES TODAY NATURALLY HELP OUR BOOK, THEY WILL TRY
TO CALL SOMEONE TO TAKE THE OTHER SIDE AND THEY EAT BID/OFFER.

customers may buy options from us.

LIST OF  NG TRADES OUR CUSTYS WOULD LIKE TO DO TO UNWIND THEIR P
OSITONS WITH US:
  GLOBAL
  + 500 NGH2  (PENULTIMATE SETTLE) SWAPS
  + 5/DAY TRANSCO Z6 JAN BASIS SWAPS

  TUDOR
  + 100 JAN 3.40 CALLS
  -50 NGF2 (LDS) SWAPS
  + 25 AUG 4.75 CALLS

  - LET US KNOW IF ANY OF THESE CAN BE DONE TODAY, PLS.
   TX     ROBYN 212 715 2388

this is my idea of vacation...

i can probably find an offset

SO YOU ARE WILLING TO SEARCH AROUND FOR THE OFFSET? OK - TALKING TO THEM..AND TH
IS IS FOR ALL GLOBAL TRADES? OR JUST THE NYMEX SWAPS?

call me when you want a live quote

OK TX

EFS TRANSACTION
  
ENRON            SELLS  102       JUN02   LD        SWAPS            $3.120
ENRON             SELLS  143       JUL02   LD        SWAPS            $3.160
ENRON             SELLS  144       AUG02  LD        SWAPS            $3.195
ENRON             SELLS  124       SEP02  LD        SWAPS            $3.195
ENRON             SELLS  131       OCT02  LD        SWAPS            $3.230  
ENRON             SELLS  89         NOV02  LD        SWAPS            $3.375
ENRON             SELLS  93         DEC02  LD        SWAPS            $3.514
  
COUNTERPARTY IS BNP PARIBAS...SMITH BARNEY
ENRON IS BUYING FUTURES ON THE EFS       
  
ENRON             BUYS   143       JAN03   LD        SWAPS            $3.390
ENRON             BUYS   35         FEB03  LD        SWAPS            $3.320
ENRON             BUYS   142       MAR03LD        SWAPS            $3.225
ENRON            BUYS   44         APR03 LD        SWAPS            $3.090
ENRON             BUYS   44         MAY03LD        SWAPS            $3.090
ENRON             BUYS   44         JUN03   LD        SWAPS            $3.120
ENRON            BUYS   44         JUL03   LD        SWAPS            $3.160
ENRON             BUYS   44         AUG03  LD        SWAPS            $3.195
ENRON             BUYS   43         SEP03  LD        SWAPS            $3.195
ENRON             BUYS   44         OCT03  LD        SWAPS            $3.230
ENRON             BUYS   99         NOV03  LD        SWAPS            $3.375
ENRON             BUSY   100       DEC03  LD        SWAPS            $3.514
  
COUNTERPARTY IS BNP PARIBAS...SMITH BARNEY
ENRON IS SELLING FUTURES ON THE EFS      
  
  
  
  

please post this efs with smith barney

EFS TRANSACTION
  
ENRON             BUYS   38         JAN03   LD        SWAPS            $3.390
ENRON             BUYS   35         FEB03  LD        SWAPS            $3.320
ENRON             BUYS   38         MAR03LD        SWAPS            $3.225
ENRON             BUYS   7          APR03  LD        SWAPS            $3.090
ENRON             BUYS   7          MAY03LD        SWAPS            $3.090
ENRON             BUYS   7          JUN03   LD        SWAPS            $3.120
ENRON             BUYS   7          JUL03   LD        SWAPS            $3.160
ENRON             BUYS   7          AUG03  LD        SWAPS            $3.195
ENRON             BUYS   7          SEP03  LD        SWAPS            $3.195
ENRON             BUYS   7          OCT03  LD        SWAPS            $3.230
ENRON             BUYS   7          NOV03  LD        SWAPS            $3.375
ENRON             BUYS   7          DEC03  LD        SWAPS            $3.514
  
COUNTERPARTY IS BARCLAYS BANK...THEY ARE POSTING WITH ALX..BROKER BADGE RESI
ENRON IS SELLING FUTURES ON THE EFS
  
  
  

  
EFS TRANSACTION
  
  
  
  
ENRON SELLS22         APR 02            LD Swaps 
ENRON SELLS8           May 02             LD Swaps
ENRON SELLS18         Jun 02               LD Swaps 
ENRON SELLS47         Jul 02                LD Swaps 
ENRON SELLS32         Nov 02              LD Swaps
ENRON SELLS35         Dec 02              LD Swaps
  
COUNTERPARTY IS OEMI and they are posting with refco
ENRON IS BUYING FUTURES
  

I don't know if I gave this to you yet.
EFS Transaction
  
  
CAL02
ENRON SELLS62         MAY02SWAPS
ENRON SELLS68         JUL02   SWAPS
ENRON SELLS167       OCT02 SWAPS
ENRON SELLS92         NOV02  SWAPS
ENRON SELLS67         DEC02  SWAPS
  
COUNTERPARTY IS CINERGY...USING RAFFERTY TO POST
ENRON IS BUYING FUTURES POSTING PRICE IS 11/30/01SETTLEMENT
  
CAL03
ENRON BUYS   57         JAN03   SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   2          FEB03  SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   7          MAR03SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   26         APR03  SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   27         MAY03SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   71         JUN03   SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   93         JUL03   SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   93         AUG03  SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   46         SEP03  SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   27         OCT03  SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   26         NOV03  SWAPS
ENRON BUYS   27         DEC03  SWAPS
  
COUNTERPARTY IS CINERGY...USING RAFFERTY TO POST
ENRON IS SELLING FUTURES POSTING PRICE IS 11/30/01 SETTLEMENT
  

This file does not contain Options or the future crosses that were done today.

 

go ahead

John,
	I was planning to go downstairs to work out shortly.  Please let me know if you need me around for anything.  -Jeb

  

 

 

Things are okay.  May be much better in a week or two.  Can you email me an update of how the 3 hedge funds are doing.  I may have another chunk of money to invest should you have any good opportunities lying around.  Still mainly interested in alternative investments with you.  Also, can you confirm my address.  I have moved recently and dont know if you have the new one.  2000 Bagby #15403; Houston 77002.

John -

I just wanted to touch base and see how you're doing through all of this.  I
expect that you're still gainfully employed, given your position within the
core energy trading business.  Let me know if you need anything from us.

> Michael Gapinski
> Account Vice President
> UBS PaineWebber, Inc.
> Corporate Employee Financial Services
> 713-654-0365
> 800-553-3119 x365
> Fax: 713-427-7539
> Cell: 281-435-0295
michael.gapinski@ubspw.com
 <<Michael Gapinski (E-mail).vcf>>

******************************************************
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions:
Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions
regarding your UBSPaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will
not be accepted by UBSPaineWebber and UBSPaineWebber
will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.

Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
UBSPaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
review the content of all e-mail communications sent 
and/or received by its employees.
 - Michael Gapinski (E-mail).vcf << File: Michael Gapinski (E-mail).vcf >> 

yes i will

John - I got a call from Warren Tashnek today.  He is concerned about the usage of the Fimat line because the trading volume is not covering its costs.   He wanted to know how to increase business with Enron.  I referred him to you.  As you know, he is so nice and not trying to start a fight with us but needs more trades to justify the cost of the line.  Will you please address this with him?  

Thanks, Sarah

Ed Sacks has the list.  With respect to CSFB, it sounds like we have a dispute.  Trades, my understanding, can get "done" verbally and then confirmed.  It sounds like we should pull the tapes.  We should also think of whether the deal agreed to Friday is currently in or out of the money.

Ed, could you look into this?  
Chris:
We need to come up with a list of trades that we terminated last Friday so that we can take them out of our books.    Do you have that list?  Also, I spoke with "Dutch" this morning because CSFB left me a message yesterday after we filed claiming that the Friday trade was not effective.  I disagree even though a confirm has not been signed.  How do you want to handle this?

Carol St. Clair
EB 4539
713-853-3989 (phone)
713-646-8537 (fax)
281-382-1943 (cell phone)
8774545506 (pager)
281-890-8862 (home fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com

Chris:
Today we received a letter from them.  How and when do you want to respond to this?  Has anyone called them?

Carol St. Clair
EB 4539
713-853-3989 (phone)
713-646-8537 (fax)
281-382-1943 (cell phone)
8774545506 (pager)
281-890-8862 (home fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com

Ed Sacks has the list.  With respect to CSFB, it sounds like we have a dispute.  Trades, my understanding, can get "done" verbally and then confirmed.  It sounds like we should pull the tapes.  We should also think of whether the deal agreed to Friday is currently in or out of the money.

Ed, could you look into this?  
Chris:
We need to come up with a list of trades that we terminated last Friday so that we can take them out of our books.    Do you have that list?  Also, I spoke with "Dutch" this morning because CSFB left me a message yesterday after we filed claiming that the Friday trade was not effective.  I disagree even though a confirm has not been signed.  How do you want to handle this?

Carol St. Clair
EB 4539
713-853-3989 (phone)
713-646-8537 (fax)
281-382-1943 (cell phone)
8774545506 (pager)
281-890-8862 (home fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com

Come talk to me sometime today before you leave.

I am planning to leave the office around noon today.  Please let me know if you need me for anything. -Jeb 

yep

did you put that on my desk?

Mark:
I know you must be very busy right now.  I do have a important favor to ask.  I am worried about the reaction should the names and numbers of the trading retention pool be made public.  If you get notice of if and when that is to happen, advanced warning would be very helpful.  If I cannot be reached at the office, my cell phone number is 713-557-3330.  
Thanks,
John

713 557 3330	
what are your plans?

=====
Jen Fraser
713 294 9259

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Send your FREE holiday greetings online!
http://greetings.yahoo.com

yep.

Just wanted to confirm we are good for Tuesday dinner....
  
I fly in with Rick around 3pmand will be staying at the Four Seasons downtown...Lancasteris sold out.
  
Let me know if you have the time...and where and when you want to meet.
  
Email me back at fzerilli@yahoo.com << File: mailto:fzerilli@yahoo.com >>  in case you respond after I leave today.

John:
 
The recent check from Enron ($9,000) has been returned  for nonpayment.  Any suggestions/ideas as to how to rectify this?  I'd  appreciate any input you may have.  Thanks,
 
Mark 
Psytech

what day is jen and paula's party?

I would like to check availability for period of Dec 29-Jan 1 for 2 people.  Please advise.
John

SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/04/2001 09:31:27 AM
Several people have asked how to read the Carr Futures option candlestick
charts.
Attached is a research note discussing tracking and trading option
volatility.

(See attached file: Tracking and Trading Nat Gas Vols.pdf)

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com
 - Tracking and Trading Nat Gas Vols.pdf 

2000 bagby #15403 
houston 77002

Hey, updating my Christmas card list.....what is your home address?

Only took me 3 weeks to respond.  That's pretty good for me.  I think things started collapsing the day I got your original email.  Obviously not an opportune time to come take the tour right now.  Not so impressive when the building is 80% empty.  If/when we get the operation started again, I'll bring you up for a tour.

John-
Was lovely meeting  you this weekend. Sorry I was...less then effusive by Sullivan's. It wasn't  the company -- I assure you.
 
And what about this  white elepha...trading floor? I want to get it while it  lasts.
 
look forward to  it
 
-Kelly
 
 
Kelly C. Busch
Market Analyst
Energy Argus
713 622 3996 x109kbusch@energyargus.com << File: mailto:kbusch@energyargus.com >> 
 

Still have new years open, right?

 

Please populate the attached worksheets(Stack & Website) for EAST, WEST & FINANCIAL Gas Trader Access and return to me once complete.  Let me know if you have any questions.

 << File: US Gas Stack & Website for New Version 121401.xls >> 
Thank you
Stephanie Sever x33465

Please populate the attached worksheets for Stack Manager & Website Access.  I have added the Gas product types and a drop down for each user/product type  to populate with READ, EXECUTE or NONE.  For READ ONLY Website ID's, additional population is NOT necessary.  Please add or remove names as necessary and return to me once complete.  Let me know if you have any questions.

 << File: US Gas Stack & Website for New Version 121401.xls >> 
Thank you,

Stephanie Sever
EnronOnline
713-853-3465

Mark:
I looked into the payment.  Unfortunately, there is nothing I can do.  Everything has to get approved by lawyers and they can't pay a vendor arbitrarily.  I'll keep working on it.  Sorry.

What do you think of ng and cl here?

John:
 
The recent check from Enron ($9,000) has been returned  for nonpayment.  Any suggestions/ideas as to how to rectify this?  I'd  appreciate any input you may have.  Thanks,
 
Mark 
Psytech

Sorry for the delay.
The big guys have been maharris,stuckey and barker.

Kim Ward thinks you're a big dork

http://www.maruba-spa.com/main.shtml

dec 29-Jan 1

Friends:

The NYMEX will be open for a normal trading day today, closing at 2:30 p.m. EST.
The market
will remain closed Monday December 24 and Tuesday December 25.  NYMEX ACCESS
will
reopen the evening of the 25th at 7:00 p.m.  The Exchange will reopen Wednesday
morning the 26th
at 10:00 a.m. EST.

Happy Holidays!!

BNP PARIBAS Commodity Futures

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
	----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for the addressees and are confidential. If you receive this message in error, please delete it and immediately notify the sender.

Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS (and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message if modified.

do you know what my user id and password are?
eserver@enron.com on 05/04/2001 10:37:18 AM
The following expense report is ready for approval:

Employee Name: Henry Quigley
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: Quigley050401
Report Total: $107.45
Amount Due Employee: $107.45

To approve this expense report, click on the following link for Concur Expense.
http://xms.enron.com

i like that feeling...as long as someone doesnt punch you in the gut.  i'm going to san antonio at lunch today to play soccer so i just took the day off.  catching up on 2 weeks of email.   i know how to relax don't i

Every single muscle in my stomach is sore.

absolutely...though i'm not sure how you do it.  call chris gaskill and he should be abl to help.

John,

Could I get access to the gas message board?

KJM

Jeff:
To explain the P&L of -349,000  : 
We executed the trade when you gave the order (the delta anyway), first thing in the morning.  The market rallied 8 cents from the morning, with the back rallying about 2.5 cents.  On 904 PV contracts, curve shift was -226,000.  The balance, $123,000,  is almost exactly $.01 bid/mid, which I think is pretty fair considering the tenor of the deal and that it included price and vol.  Cal 3 straddles, for instance, are $1.39 / $1.45.

Looking out for you bubbeh:
John

almost forgot about you....
will take care of .  we'll keep you guys together close to the traders.

   

Johnny,

Please don't let my group fall through the cracks!

We'd like to be as close to your desk in the new building as possible (8 seats)

unless you think we should focus on one of the geographical desks

- Mike

no

SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/01/2001 11:44:40 AM
Carr is hosting an enymex presentation at our office in New York this
Monday, May 7th from 2-4 PM. We are double checking our head count to make
sure that we will be ready for the people attending the presentation.
If you would, please reply to this email with a yes or a no to indicate
your intentions of attending this enymex presentation.
Thank you.

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's
psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still
short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this
week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats
indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will
get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for
good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people
want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like
it did when we were trying to break $5.

SOblander@carrfut.com on 05/01/2001 07:51:18 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  ? 2001 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Option Candlesticks
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/candlesticks48.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

who wrote the market commentary are at the bottom of this and who wrote the rest?

sorry not to send this earlier..

i checked out the dept water resources site.. (wwwowe.water.ca.gov).. nothing too illuminating except that their power costs have come down from over $300 in march to$45 this month but due to the nature the borrowing costs associated with the LT contracts, they will not be able to pass on much savings to consumers (gotta love that).

we were supposed to have received a copy of all their LT purchases in July. checking what happened there.  we know that there were 54 contracts signed .. half linked to gas which covered 1/3 of cali's total needs (looks like for 10 years).  some left open the possibility of the state procuring gas supplies for the plants.. dwr has signed 6 agreements w/ gas suppliers..pretty sure cali uses 25,000-45,000 MW per year which is about 70 contracts a day in gas terms.  If they locked in 1/3.. it would be about 25/day.. the deal they just did was about 16/day for just cal02..probably waiting for curve to flatten further to do more..

they purchased another 500 MW in Aug - the 17th (all 10-12 years)..and to date it looks like they have not purchased anything (have been selling into the grid daily) but not liquidating any previously negotiated LT deals (LT is anything beyond 3 months).

it sounds like they are planning on buying more of their gas requirements.. Sempra (who has LT power contracts with DWR and gives them the ability to buy 80% of their gas) said DWR had not purchased any gas yet.

 

 

Pls note story on page 5 & 6 of todays gas daily... 

mentions California Dept of Water looking to hedge gas purchases for long-term contracts. 

over the past few days we have seen Major Inv. Bk Buying  Cal 02 Nymex Calls and the same bank buying Cal 02 Socal basis calls - very good size

This, we believe, is a hedge for this DWR story. The article mentions that they were "looking at ways to expand its gas purchases".

The article does not mention, nor do we know, how far out they are looking to purchase. 

Socal basis has moved on the back of this deal.... 
Last week: 
Cal 02 = 9 cents    Cal 03 = 20 cents 

Today 
Cal 02 = 18.5 cents   Cal 03 = 22 cents....so the spread has moved from 11 cent  contango  to 3.5 cents. 

<<102401.pdf>> 

Other than the call buying we saw related to this deal, the rest of the flow we are seeing is : sellers of vol. 
Last night settles: 
Cal 02 vol  51.5% and Cal 03 vol 37.25% - and we are 1 % lower in Cal 02 since the open , and 0.5 % lower Cal 03. 

Although tennessee was a very good time not long ago, it sure seems like a long time ago.

tenn+3 200

How are you with the following counterparties for this transaction: Coral, Duke, Dynegy, Reliant?

John:

Bank of Montreal would like to take Enron up on the offer you made this
afternoon to help balance our short swap exposure with your organization and
replace it with a third party Enron may have offsetting transactions with.
Per our conversation, to offset the contracts that we are short to Enron,
our position would allow us to accommodate the following transactions:

Buying five and a half (5.5) contracts a day December 2001 (Z01) natural gas
last day swaps from Enron and selling to a third party
Buying sixteen and a half (16.5) contracts a day January 2002 through
December 2002 (F02-Z02) natural gas last day swaps from Enron and selling to
a third party
Buying four (4) contracts a day April 2003 through October 2003 (J03-V03)
natural gas last day swaps from Enron and selling to a third party
Buying two (2) contracts a day January 2004 through December 2008 (F04-Z08)
natural gas last day swaps from Enron and selling to a third party

If you find an appropriate offsetting positions please contact me at
212-605-1475.

Thank you,

David DeVeny
Bank of Montreal
Commodity Derivatives Group

<FONT SIZE = 1>****************************************************************************
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail, delete this e-mail and destroy any copies. Any dissemination or use of this information by a person other than the intended recipient is unauthorized and may be illegal. Unless otherwise stated, opinions expressed in this e-mail are those of the author and are not endorsed by the author's employer.</FONT>

not much from customers lately.  Customers waiting for market to stabilize before doing any hedging

morning.. i wrote the top and robyn bottom.. we sent the bottom part to the customer who brought the article to our attention.. I'd like to say i read the gas daily everyday but i miss it a lot..
 
there are a few things going on.. the client is long cy02/short cy03 socal.. and the deal last week impacts that position.. thats their interest.
 
our interest is whether or not there are more of these deals coming.. which i was trying to figure out.
 
what have you been seeing flow-wise lately?
 
 

who wrote the market commentary are at the bottom of this and who wrote the rest?

sorry not to send this earlier..

i checked out the dept water resources site.. (wwwowe.water.ca.gov).. nothing too illuminating except that their power costs have come down from over $300 in march to$45 this month but due to the nature the borrowing costs associated with the LT contracts, they will not be able to pass on much savings to consumers (gotta love that).

we were supposed to have received a copy of all their LT purchases in July. checking what happened there.  we know that there were 54 contracts signed .. half linked to gas which covered 1/3 of cali's total needs (looks like for 10 years).  some left open the possibility of the state procuring gas supplies for the plants.. dwr has signed 6 agreements w/ gas suppliers..pretty sure cali uses 25,000-45,000 MW per year which is about 70 contracts a day in gas terms.  If they locked in 1/3.. it would be about 25/day.. the deal they just did was about 16/day for just cal02..probably waiting for curve to flatten further to do more..

they purchased another 500 MW in Aug - the 17th (all 10-12 years)..and to date it looks like they have not purchased anything (have been selling into the grid daily) but not liquidating any previously negotiated LT deals (LT is anything beyond 3 months).

it sounds like they are planning on buying more of their gas requirements.. Sempra (who has LT power contracts with DWR and gives them the ability to buy 80% of their gas) said DWR had not purchased any gas yet.

 

 

Pls note story on page 5 & 6 of todays gas daily... 

mentions California Dept of Water looking to hedge gas purchases for long-term contracts. 

over the past few days we have seen Major Inv. Bk Buying  Cal 02 Nymex Calls and the same bank buying Cal 02 Socal basis calls - very good size

This, we believe, is a hedge for this DWR story. The article mentions that they were "looking at ways to expand its gas purchases".

The article does not mention, nor do we know, how far out they are looking to purchase. 

Socal basis has moved on the back of this deal.... 
Last week: 
Cal 02 = 9 cents    Cal 03 = 20 cents 

Today 
Cal 02 = 18.5 cents   Cal 03 = 22 cents....so the spread has moved from 11 cent  contango  to 3.5 cents. 

<<102401.pdf>> 

Other than the call buying we saw related to this deal, the rest of the flow we are seeing is : sellers of vol. 
Last night settles: 
Cal 02 vol  51.5% and Cal 03 vol 37.25% - and we are 1 % lower in Cal 02 since the open , and 0.5 % lower Cal 03. 

Stranger:
Any interest in getting a drink or dinner Tuesday?  havent seen you in forever.

BMO wants to do this sleave trade.  Duke, Dynegy, Coral, and Reliant have offsetting positions.  Who's best for us to do this with?  Also, what's our current balance with BMO?  Should I demand for the trade to be offmarket?

John:

Bank of Montreal would like to take Enron up on the offer you made this
afternoon to help balance our short swap exposure with your organization and
replace it with a third party Enron may have offsetting transactions with.
Per our conversation, to offset the contracts that we are short to Enron,
our position would allow us to accommodate the following transactions:

Buying five and a half (5.5) contracts a day December 2001 (Z01) natural gas
last day swaps from Enron and selling to a third party
Buying sixteen and a half (16.5) contracts a day January 2002 through
December 2002 (F02-Z02) natural gas last day swaps from Enron and selling to
a third party
Buying four (4) contracts a day April 2003 through October 2003 (J03-V03)
natural gas last day swaps from Enron and selling to a third party
Buying two (2) contracts a day January 2004 through December 2008 (F04-Z08)
natural gas last day swaps from Enron and selling to a third party

If you find an appropriate offsetting positions please contact me at
212-605-1475.

Thank you,

David DeVeny
Bank of Montreal
Commodity Derivatives Group

<FONT SIZE = 1>****************************************************************************
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail, delete this e-mail and destroy any copies. Any dissemination or use of this information by a person other than the intended recipient is unauthorized and may be illegal. Unless otherwise stated, opinions expressed in this e-mail are those of the author and are not endorsed by the author's employer.</FONT>

can you have the back run a new position report as of yesterday and include j aron

he was contacted directly.  Why, are you trying to find a good one?

Do you know who the headhunter was that called on Maggi to do the El Paso thing?

expect some producer selling if/when mrkt stabilizes.  
 
what production data are you looking at?

custy interest from sell side?  or buy? 
 
sounds like the producers are pretty hedged?
 
what do you think of the fact that production is disappointing?
 
that fact is keeping some from selling more (my guys).. but i argue that its already priced into the curve.. and economic outlook overwhelms..
 
??

not much from customers lately.  Customers waiting for market to stabilize before doing any hedging

morning.. i wrote the top and robyn bottom.. we sent the bottom part to the customer who brought the article to our attention.. I'd like to say i read the gas daily everyday but i miss it a lot..
 
there are a few things going on.. the client is long cy02/short cy03 socal.. and the deal last week impacts that position.. thats their interest.
 
our interest is whether or not there are more of these deals coming.. which i was trying to figure out.
 
what have you been seeing flow-wise lately?
 
 

who wrote the market commentary are at the bottom of this and who wrote the rest?

sorry not to send this earlier..

i checked out the dept water resources site.. (wwwowe.water.ca.gov).. nothing too illuminating except that their power costs have come down from over $300 in march to$45 this month but due to the nature the borrowing costs associated with the LT contracts, they will not be able to pass on much savings to consumers (gotta love that).

we were supposed to have received a copy of all their LT purchases in July. checking what happened there.  we know that there were 54 contracts signed .. half linked to gas which covered 1/3 of cali's total needs (looks like for 10 years).  some left open the possibility of the state procuring gas supplies for the plants.. dwr has signed 6 agreements w/ gas suppliers..pretty sure cali uses 25,000-45,000 MW per year which is about 70 contracts a day in gas terms.  If they locked in 1/3.. it would be about 25/day.. the deal they just did was about 16/day for just cal02..probably waiting for curve to flatten further to do more..

they purchased another 500 MW in Aug - the 17th (all 10-12 years)..and to date it looks like they have not purchased anything (have been selling into the grid daily) but not liquidating any previously negotiated LT deals (LT is anything beyond 3 months).

it sounds like they are planning on buying more of their gas requirements.. Sempra (who has LT power contracts with DWR and gives them the ability to buy 80% of their gas) said DWR had not purchased any gas yet.

 

 

Pls note story on page 5 & 6 of todays gas daily... 

mentions California Dept of Water looking to hedge gas purchases for long-term contracts. 

over the past few days we have seen Major Inv. Bk Buying  Cal 02 Nymex Calls and the same bank buying Cal 02 Socal basis calls - very good size

This, we believe, is a hedge for this DWR story. The article mentions that they were "looking at ways to expand its gas purchases".

The article does not mention, nor do we know, how far out they are looking to purchase. 

Socal basis has moved on the back of this deal.... 
Last week: 
Cal 02 = 9 cents    Cal 03 = 20 cents 

Today 
Cal 02 = 18.5 cents   Cal 03 = 22 cents....so the spread has moved from 11 cent  contango  to 3.5 cents. 

<<102401.pdf>> 

Other than the call buying we saw related to this deal, the rest of the flow we are seeing is : sellers of vol. 
Last night settles: 
Cal 02 vol  51.5% and Cal 03 vol 37.25% - and we are 1 % lower in Cal 02 since the open , and 0.5 % lower Cal 03. 

All four are acceptable counterparties.

How are you with the following counterparties for this transaction: Coral,
Duke, Dynegy, Reliant?

    -----Original Message-----
   John:

   Bank of Montreal would like to take Enron up on the offer you made this
   afternoon to help balance our short swap exposure with your organization
   and
   replace it with a third party Enron may have offsetting transactions
   with.
   Per our conversation, to offset the contracts that we are short to
   Enron,
   our position would allow us to accommodate the following transactions:

   Buying five and a half (5.5) contracts a day December 2001 (Z01) natural
   gas
   last day swaps from Enron and selling to a third party
   Buying sixteen and a half (16.5) contracts a day January 2002 through
   December 2002 (F02-Z02) natural gas last day swaps from Enron and
   selling to
   a third party
   Buying four (4) contracts a day April 2003 through October 2003
   (J03-V03)
   natural gas last day swaps from Enron and selling to a third party
   Buying two (2) contracts a day January 2004 through December 2008
   (F04-Z08)
   natural gas last day swaps from Enron and selling to a third party

   If you find an appropriate offsetting positions please contact me at
   212-605-1475.

   Thank you,

   David DeVeny
   Bank of Montreal
   Commodity Derivatives Group

   <FONT SIZE = 1>

<FONT SIZE = 1>****************************************************************************
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail, delete this e-mail and destroy any copies. Any dissemination or use of this information by a person other than the intended recipient is unauthorized and may be illegal. Unless otherwise stated, opinions expressed in this e-mail are those of the author and are not endorsed by the author's employer.</FONT>

Understand.  Are you good with Bank of Montreal out that far?

John,

I would like to swap out some cal 04 with you.  We are long 2 a day with you
out there.  We are under new parameters here.  So this will allow us to
continue to trade with you.

Thanks,

Steve
302-452-6930

how about j aron?

They don't us so that won't work.

Understand.  Are you good with Bank of Montreal out that far?

    -----Original Message-----
   John,

   I would like to swap out some cal 04 with you.  We are long 2 a day with
   you
   out there.  We are under new parameters here.  So this will allow us to
   continue to trade with you.

   Thanks,

   Steve
   302-452-6930

Notice No. 01-365
October 30, 2001

TO:
All Exchange Members / Member Firms
All Clearing Members

FROM:
J. Robert Collins, Jr., President

RE:
EXCHANGE ANNOUNCES PLANS TO INTRODUCE OVER-THE-COUNTER CLEARING

EXCHANGE ANNOUNCES PLANS TO INTRODUCE OVER-THE-COUNTER CLEARING

The board of directors of the New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., last
night
approved a series of measures to offer credit intermediation through
clearing services and trading tools for the over-the-counter (OTC) natural
gas market.

This plan will include the introduction of exchange of futures for swap
(EFS) transactions and large order execution to the natural gas futures
market within the next few weeks, along with the previously announced
electronic trading of cleared natural gas swaps and basis contracts.

Recent events in the natural gas market have served to reinforce the
necessity of counterparty credit risk management and have accelerated the
Exchange's plans to introduce a full array of risk management tools under
the umbrella of our clearinghouse.  Combining these trading vehicles with
our Henry Hub futures contract will offer market participants the
advantages
of these instruments in conjunction with one of the most liquid commodity
markets in the world and provide greater stability to the market as a
whole.

The Exchange is in a unique leadership position to offer these services
with
natural gas futures and options volume in 2000 reaching the equivalent of
approximately 230 trillion cubic feet and the notional value of last year's
transactions Exchange-wide totaling $3 trillion, or $14 billion per day.
One half billion dollars is available to participants on each of the
Exchange divisions through each guarantee fund and the respective clearing
members.

EFS transactions will work similarly to exchange of futures for physical
(EFP) transactions.  Two parties will be allowed to privately negotiate the
execution of an integrated over-the-counter swaps and related futures
transaction on pricing terms agreed upon by the involved parties.  The
transaction must involve approximately equal but opposite side-of-market
quantities of futures and swap exposures in the same or related commodities
and will be permitted until two hours after trading terminates in the
underlying futures contract.  EFS transactions will be permitted to
liquidate, initiate, and transfer futures market positions between the two
parties involved in the transaction.

The clearing member representing each party will be responsible to notify
the Exchange of the amount and type of futures contracts involved, the
price
at which the futures transaction should be cleared, and the identity of the
parties involved.

The Exchange will also begin permitting traders to execute block trades of
250 natural gas futures contracts or more in the first two nearby months at
the best bid or offer for that size.  These trades will not be permitted
during the closing range.

Early next year, the Exchange will introduce a cleared Henry Hub natural
gas
swaps contract, providing the marketplace with direct clearing on the most
popular energy swaps contract over the last several year.  As part of this
move, the Exchange will clear OTC-executed transactions through its EFS
mechanism.

Tell them to calm down.  I'm going to start clearing amro, tfs, and carr trades through them as well.  I will do a new xpit to offset some of the new positions that will lower the margin in the short term.

John - a lot of trades other than energy trades were xpitted to Fimat on Friday from ABN.  Fimat NY  is now upset and wants to restrict our trading with Fimat from 20 million to 11 million.  Do you know who asked for this xpitting to be done?  Sarah

Are we proposing to pay refco for order flow, like a tick per trade, or are we going to give them our prices and then they widen them to add their juice?

Gentlemen

We met last week with their management and CTO. We have determined the hardware and software requirements for the deal.  We are in the process of drawing up a term sheet and proposing a financial structure.  We have set a meeting for Nov 12 in NYC to get into the details of financial terms and structure.

The deal is going well and we are working with the following hi-level parameters:
Initially 8 Nymex look-a-like-products: Natural Gas (prompt, prompt+1, prompt+2), WTI (prompt), Gasoline (prompt, prompt+1), Heating Oil (prompt, prompt+1)
2 customer buckets with different spreads and volumes: Institutional and Retail
Volumes for Institutional will be 1 contract moving towards 0.5 contract and 0.2 contract possibly to match Nymex mini concept, Volumes for retail will be 0.5 contracts moving to 0.2 contract to match Nymex mini concept
Data feed with price and volumes sent from EnronOnline to Refco system customized and powered by EnronOnline software
Initially target scope is designed for a capacity of 5000 customers, 500 simultaneous
Refco will take credit risk for their customers and post daily collateral with Enron
Refco will pay Enron a one-time license fee for a 3 year contract with an additional annual maintenance & support fee
Enron will keep all additional margin generated by the transactions and Refco will keep the commissions generated and float from additional margin held.

Obviously, the above parameters are the preliminary thoughts and subject to change and negotiation.  We are just beginning to model the potential revenue and cost streams and there will likely be some adjustments that will come out of this exercise.  There are also a number of alternative technology scenarios to pursue if we have more or less money to work with.

Please feel free to call me x36413 if you have any questions or comments.

Regards

John Cummings

my email as far as i know is jarnold@enron.com.  not on msn though.
i made space for your 8 people as well as ferries, roberts, and the other person (??) you requested.  Come down tomorrow and i'll show you the layout again.
john

Arnold,

I am trying to talk via MSN messenger service and it will not accept jarnold@enron.com or any other reasonable email path.  What is your official email path?  I am assuming that you are using Outlook.  I am here at work trying to close a deal.

I will forward your message to Grass, but I want to visually see the layout of the floor.  I will end up having spots on five and six.  Also,  Nelson Ferries' and Linda Roberts' location are very important to the Wellhead/Ecommerce effort.  And yes, John will need room to grow. 

What did you think of the article?  

Mrha

Jean:
I think the location i talked about before is actually better for you.  The area towards the edge of the building borders the northeast gas group, long-term originators, and mid-market orig group.  not exactly who you need to be around.  the location in the center is much closer to the east gulf group, specifically sandra, and the same distance to the central and texas trading groups.  most importantly, it provides room for both your group and the trading group to expand.  call me if you want to talk further....
thanks for the article. 
john

Talk to Geoff Storey.  He is handling a transaction that will reduce the majority of exposure to us Wednesday morning.

Louise,

I spoke to our contact at BMO and they confirmed the $11.25MM is due to us by the end of day Wed. Also mentioned they were awaiting to have off-setting discussions with John Arnold.  Let me know if I need to put another call into them Wed.

Kelly
#31603

Jeff:
If you talk to Greg Trentham, will you ask him to call me?  I have not had a chance to talk to him yet.
Thanks,
John

Does my boy Marc Findsen have a chance?

Can you get me an itinary of events?

John:

Do you want me to sign you up for Management Conference?   It is Nov. 14-16.  It has not been cancelled yet.

-Ina

banc one 
brooke hamilton
312 732 7380

how about monday after work? or monday lunch if we're all fired by then...

I haven't called him, but will try to this week.  It's a little low on the priority list.  When do you want to grab a drink?

Jeff

Jeff:
If you talk to Greg Trentham, will you ask him to call me?  I have not had a chance to talk to him yet.
Thanks,
John

sign me up

John:

Do you want me to sign you up for Management Conference?   It is Nov. 14-16.  It has not been cancelled yet.

-Ina

I'll have an answer by 9:30

Hi John,

Let me know the name this am (f you want to add him/her), so I can re-adjust the schedule.   Will also need to get a resume from the individual.

Thanks,

Karen.

Please stick him on

John

Please put me on the trading track interview schedule for this afternoon.  Attached is my resume.  Thank you for the opportunity.

Regards,
Grant

 

John:

We need to sell you 2/day Cal04 and buy it from another counterparty.  Sorry
about the confusion.

Brad

can you take care of this...
John:
 
Attached is the invoice covering the current  period.
 
Hope all is well. No changes on analysis.  Market will  have occasional rallies (not significant) but all evidence shows lower levels to  be seen.  Most bearish case shows decline until late May or first two weeks  of June.  Prices from 420 - 380.
 - invoice enron 9943.doc 

4:30ish??

when?
yes

are we going to work out with Dean tomarrow? 

Understand.  Enron has been Man's biggest account for years and during that=
 time we have paid them a lot in commissions.  They approached us on Wednes=
day to try to increase the margin required, even though we were below the c=
redit threshold that had been established in the contracts written 5+ years=
 ago.  I refused to agree to change the margin calculations.  It became cle=
ar that Man was uncomfortable with the exposure to such a big account given=
 that Man is a relatively small shop.  I agreed to xpit some positions such=
 that they would get more comfortable with the outstanding risk in the acco=
unt.  At the same time I told them I was transacting business as usual and =
if they couldnt handle/didnt want the clearing business I would clear someb=
ody else but that was a permanent decision for them to make.  Clear our bus=
iness always, or clear it never.  Paribas has stuck with us throughout and =
I intend to clear the majority of future biz with Paribas.  I agreed during=
 hours of phone calls wednesday that we would xpit specific futures positio=
ns on thursday, which we did, but the rest of the position would stay there=
.  They agreed.  We specifically stated the rest of the positions and the o=
ptions would stay and we would work out those positions over time.  &!@$ th=
em if they are trying to go back on that. =20

ENE is in a severe liquidity crisis.  Even if EDF makes mistakes we have to=
 be careful how we treat them because Enron's cash position is very precari=
ous.  It's good to insist that EDF give us what's owed especially since the=
y seem to be wrong in this case but as far as lines of credit go, ENE is in=
 a much worse position than ever before. =20

I am going to get a guarantee to Fimat today from Enron Corp with respect t=
o ENA trades.  We have never had to do this before but if I do not get it F=
imat will keep their trade line at $11 million.  Soc Gen (extends credit un=
der Fimat line) is being a big pain but having spoken to our bank people we=
 have no choice but to be grateful we are getting credit these days. =20

Please keep this bad cash/credit situation confidential. 

Will you wire the money immediately when this is done?

Dear John

In place of the original transfer of options that we sent you yesterday, I
propose the following transfer instead. You will note that it includes no
options at all.

short 1660 May 2002 futures

Please understand that this entire affair is making me as uncomfortable as
it is clearly making you.

Kind regards
Kevin R Davis

fyi

Dear John

In place of the original transfer of options that we sent you yesterday, I
propose the following transfer instead. You will note that it includes no
options at all.

short 1660 May 2002 futures

Please understand that this entire affair is making me as uncomfortable as
it is clearly making you.

Kind regards
Kevin R Davis

yes, I replied and asked mike if he'd wire the money today if I  agreeed.  waiting on his response.

Does this work for your desk?

fyi

Dear John

In place of the original transfer of options that we sent you yesterday, I
propose the following transfer instead. You will note that it includes no
options at all.

short 1660 May 2002 futures

Please understand that this entire affair is making me as uncomfortable as
it is clearly making you.

Kind regards
Kevin R Davis

The answer would be yes if it were the only ex-pit instructions we received
today.

Given that you have instructed us already to ex-pit the 926 August 03
position, we would only want you to transfer 734 of the May 02 futures.

If you only do the 1660 May 02 or, if you do the 926 august 03 and 734 May
02 then YES, we will wire the money immediately after one or other of those
expits are achieved.

Kevin

Will you wire the money immediately when this is done?

    -----Original Message-----
   Dear John

   In place of the original transfer of options that we sent you yesterday,
   I
   propose the following transfer instead. You will note that it includes
   no
   options at all.

   short 1660 May 2002 futures

   Please understand that this entire affair is making me as uncomfortable
   as
   it is clearly making you.

   Kind regards
   Kevin R Davis

John

The simplest thing would be to disregard the 926 Aug'03 instructions and to
do the 1660 May 02 only....

Your call

Kevin

The answer would be yes if it were the only ex-pit instructions we received
today.

Given that you have instructed us already to ex-pit the 926 August 03
position, we would only want you to transfer 734 of the May 02 futures.

If you only do the 1660 May 02 or, if you do the 926 august 03 and 734 May
02 then YES, we will wire the money immediately after one or other of those
expits are achieved.

Kevin

Will you wire the money immediately when this is done?

    -----Original Message-----
   Dear John

   In place of the original transfer of options that we sent you yesterday,
   I
   propose the following transfer instead. You will note that it includes
   no
   options at all.

   short 1660 May 2002 futures

   Please understand that this entire affair is making me as uncomfortable
   as
   it is clearly making you.

   Kind regards
   Kevin R Davis

we have already done the aug 03, how many may 02 do you want us to do?

John

The simplest thing would be to disregard the 926 Aug'03 instructions and to
do the 1660 May 02 only....

Your call

Kevin

The answer would be yes if it were the only ex-pit instructions we received
today.

Given that you have instructed us already to ex-pit the 926 August 03
position, we would only want you to transfer 734 of the May 02 futures.

If you only do the 1660 May 02 or, if you do the 926 august 03 and 734 May
02 then YES, we will wire the money immediately after one or other of those
expits are achieved.

Kevin

Will you wire the money immediately when this is done?

    -----Original Message-----
   Dear John

   In place of the original transfer of options that we sent you yesterday,
   I
   propose the following transfer instead. You will note that it includes
   no
   options at all.

   short 1660 May 2002 futures

   Please understand that this entire affair is making me as uncomfortable
   as
   it is clearly making you.

   Kind regards
   Kevin R Davis

734 and we're done

we have already done the aug 03, how many may 02 do you want us to do?

    -----Original Message-----
   John

   The simplest thing would be to disregard the 926 Aug'03 instructions and
   to
   do the 1660 May 02 only....

   Your call

   Kevin

   -----Original Message-----
   The answer would be yes if it were the only ex-pit instructions we
   received
   today.

   Given that you have instructed us already to ex-pit the 926 August 03
   position, we would only want you to transfer 734 of the May 02 futures.

   If you only do the 1660 May 02 or, if you do the 926 august 03 and 734
   May
   02 then YES, we will wire the money immediately after one or other of
   those
   expits are achieved.

   Kevin

   -----Original Message-----
   Will you wire the money immediately when this is done?

       -----Original Message-----
      Dear John

      In place of the original transfer of options that we sent you
   yesterday,
      I
      propose the following transfer instead. You will note that it
   includes
      no
      options at all.

      short 1660 May 2002 futures

      Please understand that this entire affair is making me as
   uncomfortable
      as
      it is clearly making you.

      Kind regards
      Kevin R Davis

   **********************************************************************
   This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate
   and
   may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the
   intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by
   others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or
   authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or
   reply
   to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete
   all
   copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not
   intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence
   a
   binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
   affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not
   be
   relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.
   Thank you.
   **********************************************************************

being done as I write this

734 and we're done

we have already done the aug 03, how many may 02 do you want us to do?

    -----Original Message-----
   John

   The simplest thing would be to disregard the 926 Aug'03 instructions and
   to
   do the 1660 May 02 only....

   Your call

   Kevin

   -----Original Message-----
   The answer would be yes if it were the only ex-pit instructions we
   received
   today.

   Given that you have instructed us already to ex-pit the 926 August 03
   position, we would only want you to transfer 734 of the May 02 futures.

   If you only do the 1660 May 02 or, if you do the 926 august 03 and 734
   May
   02 then YES, we will wire the money immediately after one or other of
   those
   expits are achieved.

   Kevin

   -----Original Message-----
   Will you wire the money immediately when this is done?

       -----Original Message-----
      Dear John

      In place of the original transfer of options that we sent you
   yesterday,
      I
      propose the following transfer instead. You will note that it
   includes
      no
      options at all.

      short 1660 May 2002 futures

      Please understand that this entire affair is making me as
   uncomfortable
      as
      it is clearly making you.

      Kind regards
      Kevin R Davis

   **********************************************************************
   This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate
   and
   may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the
   intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by
   others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or
   authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or
   reply
   to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete
   all
   copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not
   intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence
   a
   binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
   affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not
   be
   relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.
   Thank you.
   **********************************************************************

Jean:
I think the location i talked about before is actually better for you.  The area towards the edge of the building borders the northeast gas group, long-term originators, and mid-market orig group.  not exactly who you need to be around.  the location in the center is much closer to the east gulf group, specifically sandra, and the same distance to the central and texas trading groups.  most importantly, it provides room for both your group and the trading group to expand.  call me if you want to talk further....
thanks for the article. 
john

We just finished doing the xpit that they asked for.  They have agreed to send the money immediately after that was done.  We should be getting the money very soon.  Hold off on the letter right now.

Legal drafted a letter demanding that EDF return the $25 million they withheld this morning.  I want to send it to EDF to preserve our rights under the customer agreement and to discourage them from this behaviour in the future.  

Did you ever hear back whether EDF was going to send this to you if you moved the short 1660 May 2002 futures positions?  If you have already resolved the matter and gotten EDF to agree to return the money, I might hold off on sending this.  Sarah

Please notify me as soon as the wire has been sent.  I assume you are working on this right now.  

Thanks John.....

being done as I write this

    -----Original Message-----
   734 and we're done

   -----Original Message-----
   we have already done the aug 03, how many may 02 do you want us to do?

       -----Original Message-----
      John

      The simplest thing would be to disregard the 926 Aug'03 instructions
   and
      to
      do the 1660 May 02 only....

      Your call

      Kevin

      -----Original Message-----
      The answer would be yes if it were the only ex-pit instructions we
      received
      today.

      Given that you have instructed us already to ex-pit the 926 August 03
      position, we would only want you to transfer 734 of the May 02
   futures.

      If you only do the 1660 May 02 or, if you do the 926 august 03 and
   734
      May
      02 then YES, we will wire the money immediately after one or other of
      those
      expits are achieved.

      Kevin

      -----Original Message-----
      Will you wire the money immediately when this is done?

          -----Original Message-----
         Dear John

         In place of the original transfer of options that we sent you
      yesterday,
         I
         propose the following transfer instead. You will note that it
      includes
         no
         options at all.

         short 1660 May 2002 futures

         Please understand that this entire affair is making me as
      uncomfortable
         as
         it is clearly making you.

         Kind regards
         Kevin R Davis

   **********************************************************************
      This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant
   affiliate
      and
      may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of
   the
      intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure
   by
      others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient
   (or
      authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender
   or
      reply
      to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete
      all
      copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are
   not
      intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or
   evidence
      a
      binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its
      affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may
   not
      be
      relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or
   otherwise.
      Thank you.

   **********************************************************************

John

As soon as Paribas put their side of the ex-pit into the clearing system we
will wire the funds IMMEDIATELY.

Kevin

Please notify me as soon as the wire has been sent.  I assume you are
working on this right now.

    -----Original Message-----
   Thanks John.....

   -----Original Message-----
   being done as I write this

       -----Original Message-----
      734 and we're done

      -----Original Message-----
      we have already done the aug 03, how many may 02 do you want us to
   do?

          -----Original Message-----
         John

         The simplest thing would be to disregard the 926 Aug'03
   instructions
      and
         to
         do the 1660 May 02 only....

         Your call

         Kevin

         -----Original Message-----
         The answer would be yes if it were the only ex-pit instructions we
         received
         today.

         Given that you have instructed us already to ex-pit the 926 August
   03
         position, we would only want you to transfer 734 of the May 02
      futures.

         If you only do the 1660 May 02 or, if you do the 926 august 03 and
      734
         May
         02 then YES, we will wire the money immediately after one or other
   of
         those
         expits are achieved.

         Kevin

         -----Original Message-----
         Will you wire the money immediately when this is done?

             -----Original Message-----
            Dear John

            In place of the original transfer of options that we sent you
         yesterday,
            I
            propose the following transfer instead. You will note that it
         includes
            no
            options at all.

            short 1660 May 2002 futures

            Please understand that this entire affair is making me as
         uncomfortable
            as
            it is clearly making you.

            Kind regards
            Kevin R Davis

   **********************************************************************
         This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant
      affiliate
         and
         may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use
   of
      the
         intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or
   disclosure
      by
         others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended
   recipient
      (or
         authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the
   sender
      or
         reply
         to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and
   delete
         all
         copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto)
   are
      not
         intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or
      evidence
         a
         binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of
   its
         affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may
      not
         be
         relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or
      otherwise.
         Thank you.

   **********************************************************************

can you confirm when we get it?

The money is en route NOW....

Thanks for all your help...

Kevin

>  -----Original Message-----

I thought I had pulled one over you...

I don't envy your job.  The trade guys do a good job of ganging up on you.  

Don't make me pull tapes on whether you understood our fee...j.a. Always
understands.  Happy to help you guys anyways (I know you'll thank me later)

J. Robert Collins
BCollins@NYMEX.com

ready any time you are

according to whom?

EDF is terminating its line with us today.  Sarah

we have until thursday i believe

We are going to repay their loan tomorrow based on the notice we received from them that they were cancelling their line to us as of 11/5/2001.

if they demand this on thursday, i'm going to put their nat gas operation out of business.

Yes, we can wait until Thursday.  

we have until thursday i believe

We are going to repay their loan tomorrow based on the notice we received from them that they were cancelling their line to us as of 11/5/2001.

i was just thinking i should invite you to come over tonight.  wanna come?

I just know you could use a vacation.  Is there any chance I could talk you
into going to Miami the weekend after Thanksgiving?  It's guaranteed to be a
good time.

I plan to be home tonight, and it would be NICE to hear from you.
Jen

Hi everyone,

Here is the scoop....it's Paula's birthday on December 1 and we are
celebrating South Beach style and would love to have you all there to
celebrate with us!!

Let me know if you can make it and keep this a secret!

Jenn

The information contained in this communication is confidential and
proprietary information intended only for the individual or entity to whom
it is addressed.  Any unauthorized use, distribution, copying, or disclosure
of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this
communication in error, please contact the sender immediately.  If you
believe this communication is inappropriate or offensive, please contact
Ocean Energy`s Human Resources Department.

would like to meet to review to make sure i understand.  may only take a couple minutes.  are you free at 330 on tuesday?

John,
I have the reporting package for March 2001 and 1Q 2001 for the Financial Team for you.
Would you like to meet to review or would you prefer that I just deliver it to you for your review?

Thank you,
Edie Leschber
X30669

how about 4:00?

Do you have a second?  I would like to come up there and make sure I understand clearly what you are talking about.  Hey, I might want to short the stock if it's publicly traded.   Sarah

if they demand this on thursday, i'm going to put their nat gas operation out of business.

Yes, we can wait until Thursday.  

we have until thursday i believe

We are going to repay their loan tomorrow based on the notice we received from them that they were cancelling their line to us as of 11/5/2001.

sure

Yes.  Want me to come to your desk?

are you free around 430 wed to discuss?

John, 

I met with Bo last Thurs and continued the discussion today with Bo, David Keller (Nymex CTO), David Salomon (Nymex), Brad Richter and Jay Webb.  Nymex indicated that they would like to move ahead very quickly on getting a price posting arrangement with them on Access where they will be showing prices all day including the OTC products.  Once this is complete they would also like to contemplate an arrangement on a Phase 2 technology sale with them.  They are currently scoping our the Phase II requirements.

Nymex does not have the resources to build the API (interface with EnronOnline) and would like us to do the development.  This type of arrangement requires the desk to make some decisions:

Are we willing to post numbers on Access electronically and have the transaction occur on Access?  This will give us the risk of being double hit. 
Are we willing to dedicate technology resources to this effort (and away from other EnronOnline priorities) and will the desk get enough benefits to justify the opportunity costs? 
What would it take for you to post numbers in this fashion (fees, preferential fills, etc).  You have the original specialist proposal we sent to them.

We indicated to Bo that we would get an answer on this and call in the next couple of days.  If we can answer these questions, Jay will have someone look at the Access code and determine the cost to us (development time).

We will also be meeting with Nymex next Wed to talk about Phase II.  We think that we can structure a transaction that would include an Access Price Posting in the short term, Specialist role and an obligation to look at our Phase II proposal.  If we do not get a firm commitment on Phase II within a specified period we can review our specialist role and ask them to pay for the API we built to access.

Please call me to discuss at 713 853-0397.  

  

Bob Shults 
EnronOnline LLC 
Houston, Texas 77002-7361 
713 853-0397 
713 825-6372 cell 
713 646-2126 
bob.shults@enron.com 

-4

Good Morning,

Just a reminder to get your AGA estimates in by Noon EST (11:00 CST).

Last Year      +36
Last Week      +23

Thank You,
Daryl Dworkin
BNP PARIBAS Commodity Futures, Inc.

Ce message et toutes les pieces jointes (ci-apres le "message") sont etablis a l'intention exclusive de ses destinataires et sont confidentiels. Si vous recevez ce message par erreur, merci de le detruire et d'en avertir immediatement l'expediteur.

Toute utilisation de ce message non conforme a sa destination, toute diffusion ou toute publication, totale ou partielle, est interdite, sauf autorisation expresse.

L'internet ne permettant pas d'assurer l'integrite de ce message, BNP PARIBAS (et ses filiales) decline(nt) toute responsabilite au titre de ce message, dans l'hypothese ou il aurait ete modifie.
	----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This message and any attachments (the "message") are intended solely for the addressees and are confidential. If you receive this message in error, please delete it and immediately notify the sender.

Any use not in accord with its purpose, any dissemination or disclosure, either whole or partial, is prohibited except formal approval.

The internet can not guarantee the integrity of this message. BNP PARIBAS (and its subsidiaries) shall (will) not therefore be liable for the message if modified.

fyi : Having more and more counterparties that will only deal on one side of my market.

Note aquila.
Hi Louise,

We are having a typical trading pace so far today.  It is too early to tell if any counterparty is really cutting back.  Like yesterday, however, Aquila is buying longer dated physical gas and selling spot gas; so once again they are a big net buyer.

Trade counts, by 8:30 am, since October 1:

TRADE DATE	TRADE CNT	
11/7/2001	2314	
11/6/2001	2504	
11/5/2001	2340	
11/4/2001	7	
11/3/2001	18	
11/2/2001	2288	
11/1/2001	2484	
10/31/2001	2374	
10/30/2001	2021	
10/29/2001	2259	
10/27/2001	7	
10/26/2001	2395	
10/25/2001	2875	
10/24/2001	2292	
10/23/2001	2637	
10/22/2001	2303	
10/21/2001	15	
10/20/2001	1	
10/19/2001	2624	
10/18/2001	2192	
10/17/2001	2313	
10/16/2001	2101	
10/15/2001	1710	
10/14/2001	8	
10/13/2001	7	
10/12/2001	1906	
10/11/2001	1999	
10/10/2001	1786	
10/9/2001	1853	
10/8/2001	1824	
10/7/2001	3	
10/6/2001	5	
10/5/2001	1939	
10/4/2001	2365	
10/3/2001	1935	
10/2/2001	1641	
10/1/2001	1876	

Jeff,
My mom said that you would email me a few questions that are standard in an
interview.  I was wondering if you could do that for me please?  I am very
nervous and need all of the help I can get.  Thanks for telling mom that I
needed a suit.  I told her but she didn't believe me.  If you have any other
advice feel free to give it to me.  I have a project that I did in a problem
solving class that my teacher told me to take into my job interviews.
Should I take it to my internship interviews?  The project was looking at
statistics of accidents that occured in a certain hospital, evaluating the
correlations over a few years, making suggestions on how to improve and
explaining why certain things were happening.  I am not sure if that will
help in an internship.  What department in a company would that have to do
with?  I think I might be interested in that.
Thanks,
Sarah

_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp

S&P Lowers Enron Credit Linked Notes Trust Ratings; On Watch Neg
PR Newswire, 11/07/01

DJ CNBC's FABER REPORT: Enron/Dynegy Deal Talk
Dow Jones, 11/07/01

Enron in Talks With Dynegy That May Include Merger, CNBC Says
Bloomberg, 11/07/01

WSJ: Dynegy In Talks To Put About $2B Into Enron Now
Dow Jones News Service, 11/07/01
Enron Shares Fall on Concern About Finding Investors (Update2)
Bloomberg, 11/07/01

Enron Credit-Linked Note Ratings Reduced 6 Days Late (Update2)
Bloomberg, 11/07/01

Former SEC Chairman Levitt (Transcript of Interview)
Bloomberg, 11/07/01

USA: U.S. FERC watching Enron's impact on energy markets.
Reuters English News Service, 11/07/01
Apache Unwinds Most Gas Hedges; Cites Enron Uncertainty
Dow Jones News Service, 11/07/01
USA: Enron shares fall below $8 - set new nine-year low.
Reuters English News Service, 11/07/01
Enron's stock drops 25 percent
Associated Press Newswires, 11/07/01
Rabin & Peckel LLP Commences Class Action Against Enron Corporation and Cer=
tain of Its Officers and Directors, Alleging Violations of Federal Securiti=
es Laws
Business Wire, 11/07/01

Enron's power company in India calls off Singapore meeting after Indian len=
ders file lawsuit
Associated Press Newswires, 11/07/01
USA: El Paso says it does not expect Enron bankruptcy.
Reuters English News Service, 11/07/01

Energy traders are icing out Enron
Shares trade at 9-year lows for 2nd straight day=20
CBS.MarketWatch.com, 11/07/01

Legal Group Plans Suit to Void California Power Contracts
Bloomberg, 11/07/01

S&P Lowers Enron Credit Linked Notes Trust Ratings; On Watch Neg

11/07/2001
PR Newswire
(Copyright (c) 2001, PR Newswire)

NEW YORK, Nov. 7 /PRNewswire/ -- Standard & Poor's today lowered its rating=
s on Enron Credit Linked Notes Trusts' credit linked notes and placed them =
on CreditWatch with negative implications (see list).=20
The lowered ratings reflect the Nov. 1, 2001 rating action taken on Enron C=
orp., which was based on Standard & Poor's belief that Enron's plan to empl=
oy asset sales and other means to repair its damaged balance sheet will be =
insufficient to restore its long-term credit quality to the historical trip=
le-'B'-plus level. The CreditWatch placements recognize the uncertainties t=
hat surround the company and its credit quality in the short run due to the=
 possibility of further unanticipated developments in the capital markets.
These synthetic issues utilize a credit default swap that references Enron'=
s senior unsecured debt and therefore the rating on the credit-linked notes=
 will reflect the current senior unsecured rating of Enron. OUTSTANDING RAT=
INGS LOWERED AND PLACED ON CREDITWATCH NEGATIVE=20
Enron Credit Linked Notes Trust=20
US$500 million credit linked notes=20
Rating=20
To From=20
Notes BBB/Watch Neg BBB+=20
Enron Credit Linked Notes Trust II=20
US$500 million credit linked notes=20
Rating=20
To From=20
Notes BBB/Watch Neg BBB+=20
Enron Euro Credit Linked Notes Trust=20
EUR200 million credit linked notes=20
Rating=20
To From=20
Notes BBB/Watch Neg BBB+=20
Enron Sterling Credit Linked Notes Trust=20
GBP125 million credit linked notes=20
Rating=20
To From=20
Notes BBB/Watch Neg BBB+

/CONTACT: Mary Ryan, New York, +1-212-438-2090, or Frank J. Trick, New York=
, +1-212-438-1108, both for Standard & Poor's/ 11:47 EST=20
Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

DJ CNBC's FABER REPORT: Enron/Dynegy Deal Talk
2001-11-07 14:56 (New York)

  The following is a transcript of a report aired Wednesday by CNBC reporte=
r
David Faber:=20
=20
  Enron is in discussions with Dynegy about a range of options that include=
 a
merger of the two companies.=20

  While such an outcome is only one of a number of options being discussed,
sources close to the talks tell me such an outcome is being considered.=20
  Enron is trying to raise equity capital and restore confidence amid the
complete collapse of its stock price.=20

  Today, the Houston-based energy trading concern's shares have fallen anot=
her
25%, while its bonds, perhaps a better barometer of the market's concerns a=
bout
credit quality, have shed roughly ten points.=20

  Enron will not comment. But sources close to the situation tell me the
company continues to speak with a handful of private equity firms about an
investment. Those talks are still in the early stages.=20
  Talks with Dynegy, a cross-town rival of Enron's that also markets and tr=
ades
energy, have progressed at a faster pace.=20

  Dynegy is unlike Enron in that it owns more hard assets, many of which ca=
me
along with the acquisition of Illnova, completed in 2000.=20
  While many potential acquirers have shied away from Enron due to continue=
d
concern about unknown liabilities the company may have, Dynegy is very fami=
liar
with its energy trading business.=20

  Dynegy is the number two player in the U.S. energy trading market and wou=
ld
clearly become the dominant player were it to merge with or acquire Enron. =
A
Dynegy spokesman declined comment.=20

  While Dynegy has off-balance sheet financings that are similar to Enron's=
,
those financings are not guaranteed by the parent.=20
  It is such guarantees that have concerned Enron investors along with a se=
ries
of questionable investments.=20

  Given the massive decline in Enron's stock price, Dynegy now has a market
value that is twice that of Enron.=20

  That decline in Enron's stock price would make any equity infusion heavil=
y
dilutive, if private equity firms were to choose to invest in Enron they wo=
uld
likely do so in the form of a security that converted to equity and paid a
dividend.=20

  Still, because Enron now has a market value of only $5.3 billion, the rou=
ghly
$2 billion it may want represents an enormous percentage of its overall equ=
ity
value.=20

  Hence, discussion with Dynegy may have taken on the form of a merger, rat=
her
than a strategic investment.=20
=20

Enron in Talks With Dynegy That May Include Merger, CNBC Says
2001-11-07 13:39 (New York)

     Houston, Nov. 7 (Bloomberg) -- Enron Corp. is talking with
rival energy company Dynegy Inc. about a number of options,
including merger, to help it raise equity capital and restore
confidence, financial news network CNBC reported.
     Spokesmen for Dynegy and Enron declined to comment.

WSJ: Dynegy In Talks To Put About $2B Into Enron Now
By Robin Sidel

11/07/2001
Dow Jones News Service
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)

Of The Wall Street Journal=20

NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Dynegy Inc. (DYN) is in advanced discussions to infu=
se about $2 billion into Enron Corp. (ENE) in a transaction that may lead t=
o a full-blown merger between the two companies, sources familiar with the =
matter told The Wall Street Journal.
A formal transaction could be unveiled as early as Thursday, these people s=
aid. The situation is very fluid and is subject to change, these people not=
ed.=20
(This report and related background will be available at the Journals' Web =
site, WSJ.com.)=20
Enron has been rocked by last month's disclosure of a $1.2 billion reductio=
n in its equity base partly tied to financial dealings with company partner=
ships headed by Enron's former chief financial officer. Last month, it repo=
rted a third-quarter loss of $618 million. The Securities and Exchange Comm=
ission has launched a formal investigation into the matter. Last week, Enro=
n secured $1 billion in new credit lines, using gas-pipeline assets as coll=
ateral.=20
Enron needs the infusion in part because its previously announced plans to =
raise cash through the sale of power assets is going more slowly than expec=
ted. Mostly, though, it needs to restore its credibility with Wall Street a=
t a time when its access to the financing markets is drying up.=20
Enron shares recently traded down $1.57, or 16%, at $8.10. -Robin Sidel; Th=
e Wall Street Journal; 212-274-7991

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

Enron Shares Fall on Concern About Finding Investors (Update2)
2001-11-07 14:06 (New York)

Enron Shares Fall on Concern About Finding Investors (Update2)

     (Adds CNBC report on talks with Dynegy in fifth paragraph.)

     Houston, Nov. 7 (Bloomberg) -- Enron Corp.'s shares fell as
much as 28 percent, to their lowest level in more than a decade,
amid reports that the No. 1 energy trader is struggling to find
investors to help it out of a cash crunch.

     Shares of Enron fell $1.17, or 12 percent, to $8.50 in
midafternoon trading. The shares dropped to $7 earlier. At
yesterday's close, they had fallen 88 percent this year.

     Enron will have a hard time raising a large amount of cash in
a short time, said Sean Egan, managing director of Egan-Jones
Rating Co.

     ``It takes time to sell assets, and many shrewd investors
like Goldman Sachs might find it more profitable to just pluck off
key employees rather than invest in Enron,'' Egan said.

     The shares pared some of today's losses after CNBC reported
that Enron is talking with rival Dynegy Inc. about options,
including a merger. Both companies are based in Houston.

     ``We don't comment on market rumors,'' Dynegy spokesman Steve
Stengel said.

     ``Enron does not comment on speculation on mergers and
acquisitions,'' Enron spokesman Mark Palmer said.

     Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Chairman Warren Buffett decided
against investing in Enron because he wasn't willing to sign a
confidentiality agreement that would keep him from trading Enron's
debt, the New York Times reported today, citing an unidentified
person close to the talks.

     Other companies approached by Enron, including Clayton
Dubilier & Rice, the Blackstone Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts
& Co. have also shown little interest, the newspaper said.

     The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating
Enron partnerships run by the company's former chief financial
officer. The entities bought and sold Enron shares and assets,
with trades costing Enron $35 million and $1.2 billion in lost
shareholder equity. Enron ousted CFO Andrew Fastow last month.

                         Rating Downgraded

     Standard & Poor's today reduced its rating on Enron's credit-
linked notes, just six days after the ratings company downgraded
Enron's senior unsecured bonds. S&P cut four Enron credit-linked
issues valued at about $1.36 billion combined to ``BBB'' from
``BBB+'' and indicated it may lower the grades again.

     Fearing that an Enron collapse might cripple the natural gas-
derivatives market, oil and gas producer Apache Corp. said it
backed out of most of its gas hedges, realizing a $70 million gain
so far.

     ``We have been unwinding our hedge positions because of
uncertainty created by Enron's credit problems,'' Apache spokesman
Bill Mintz said. The company now has only one position with Enron
that it's trying to unwind.

     The Apache news was reported earlier by the Times.

                        `Fragile Business'

     ``Their trading business is a very fragile business,'' Egan
said. ``If partners on either side get concerned, trading volumes
decline, which is what is happening now.''

     Other companies mentioned in reports as possible buyers of
all or part of Enron have denied an interest in the idea. General
Electric Co. Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Immelt told CNN today
that ``Enron's really not on our list right now.'' BP Plc Chief
Executive John Browne said ``no'' at a press conference in London
yesterday when asked whether the London-based company would be
interested in buying Enron or a stake in the company.

     Among shares of other energy traders, Dynegy fell $1.70 to
$34.30. Mirant Corp. fell 15 cents to $25.40. Williams Cos. fell 4
cents to $28.97.

--Margot Habiby in Houston, (713) 353-4872=20

Enron Credit-Linked Note Ratings Reduced 6 Days Late (Update2)
2001-11-07 14:46 (New York)

Enron Credit-Linked Note Ratings Reduced 6 Days Late (Update2)

     (Adds background and stock price in fourth through sixth
paragraphs.)

     New York, Nov. 7 (Bloomberg) -- Standard & Poor's Corp.
downgraded notes linked to Enron Corp.'s credit quality to match
the No. 1 energy trader's credit rating six days after the ratings
company reduced its corporate debt ratings.

     S&P said it cut four Enron credit-linked notes, valued at
$1.36 billion, to ``BBB'' from ``BBB+'', and indicated it may
lower the grades again.

     ``This isn't an additional downgrade and should have happened
last week,'' said Todd Shipman, a director at the ratings company
that follows the company. Last week Shipman downgraded Enron's
long-term ratings to ``BBB'' from ``BBB+,'' and left them on watch
for a further downgrade.

     Enron shares today fell as much as 28 percent, to their
lowest level in more than a decade, amid reports that the No. 1
energy trader is struggling to find investors to help it out of a
cash crunch.

     Shares of Enron fell $1.17, or 12 percent, to $8.50 in mid-
afternoon trading. The shares dropped to $7 earlier. At
yesterday's close, they had fallen 88 percent this year.

     The federal Securities and Exchange Commission is
investigating Enron partnerships run by the company's former chief
financial officer, Andrew Fastow, who was ousted last month. The
entities bought and sold Enron shares and assets,
with trades costing Enron $35 million and $1.2 billion in lost
shareholder equity.

                               Notes

     Holders of the credit-linked notes, sold by Enron Euro CLN
Trust, Enron Sterling CLN Trust, and Enron CLN Trust and Trust II,
may have received a higher coupon than an Enron corporate
obligation offers. The notes, which are obligations of the special
purpose entities, are tied to specific credit events, such as a
bankruptcy or Enron's failure to pay on obligations.

     Proceeds from the notes were to be used to acquire the
Trusts' initial investments, and buyers are to be paid interest
from the proceeds of those certain assets, according to an
offering memorandum. The Trusts can invest in securities with
short-term ratings of at least ``A1'' from S&P and ``P1'' from
Moody's Investors Service, as long as they mature before the
maturity dates of the notes.

     There are four notes, each divided into two offerings, some
offered publicly and some privately sold. All the notes are
scheduled to mature in August 2005 or May 2006 and were sold by a
group of banks led by Salomon Smith Barney, a unit of Citigroup.

     In the event of an Enron credit event, Citibank, which acted
as a swap counter-party to the trusts, can take the trusts'
investments in return for Enron debt obligations. The Enron debt
is then liquidated by the trust, with the proceeds paid to the
investors.

     Neither Enron nor Citibank have direct obligations to the
holders of the notes, according to an offering memorandum.

     Enron's credit-linked notes utilize a credit-default swap
that the trusts have with Citibank that references Enron's senior
unsecured debt, so the rating on the credit-linked notes will
reflect the senior unsecured rating, S&P said in a report.

--Liz Goldenberg and Terence Flanagan in the New York=20

Former SEC Chairman Levitt (Transcript of Interview)
2001-11-07 12:52 (New York)

     ****THE FOLLOWING IS AN UNOFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT.****
BLOOMBERG L.P. DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF THIS
TRANSCRIPT.

     New York, Nov. 7 (Bloomberg) -- The following is a
transcript of a Bloomberg interview with Former Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) Chairman Arthur Levitt.  The
reporter is Dylan Ratigan.

     RATIGAN:  As you've probably heard, Enron under
investigation by the SEC, the SEC looking into partnerships
run by their former CFO.  If you come into the Bloomberg
with me, I want to show you what it's done to the stock
price here over the course of the past month, month and a
half.  You're talking about a move from a price in the mid
40s, which was not that long ago, mind you, early mid-
October, to a price that is now $9.67 a share.  This has
absolutely decimated the company's stock price.  Arthur
Levitt, the former chairman of the SEC, with us, looking,
first of all, at what's going on with this company.

     But, before I do that, let me say good morning to you.

     LEVITT:  Good morning, Dylan.

     RATIGAN:  Talk to me.

     LEVITT:  You know, there are certain warning signs here
that investors have to be careful of:  related party
transactions.  Anytime you see a related party transaction,
an investor should be very careful.  What they were doing,
was they were simply setting up these partnerships to move
off the balance sheet acquisitions and borrowings that would
really have hurt the balance sheet and I think given
investors a very different picture.

     RATIGAN:  Well, let's just make it real clear to
people, because they can easily get confused.  I'm a
company.

     LEVITT:  Yes.

     RATIGAN:  .and I create - and I'm an executive of that
company, and I create a partnership that has nothing to do
with that company, legally, on paper.

     LEVITT:  But all the risks and rewards still belong to
the parent company.  The affect of this is the subsidiary
borrows the money to make the acquisition from another
partnership set up by the parent. This stays totally off the
balance sheet of the parent company.  Why does this happen?

     RATIGAN:  So, in other words, Company ABC exists, they
set up Subsidiary 123.

     LEVITT:  Yes.

     RATIGAN:  Subsidiary company 123 borrows money from.

     LEVITT:  To make an acquisition.

     RATIGAN:  A bank?

     LEVITT:  No.

     RATIGAN:  They borrow money from who?

     LEVITT:  They issue bonds.

     RATIGAN:  OK.  They borrow money from the world.

     LEVITT:  Yes.

     RATIGAN:  . whoever wants to lend them money.

     LEVITT:  Yes.

     RATIGAN:  . they borrow money, they make an
acquisition.  Now Subsidiary 123 down here has big debts
that don't reflect upstairs on Company ABC?

     LEVITT:  Precisely.

     RATIGAN:  But ABC still gets to use the asset that was
bought by 123?

     LEVITT:  Yes.

     RATIGAN:  OK.

     LEVITT:  Exactly.  Now, how does it happen?  The
accounting firm that handled this transaction, Arthur
Andersen, received $25 million for an audit of the company -
that's a huge amount - and $27 million for consulting
services - another danger sign.  A lot of dough.  Those
consulting services were to validate these transactions; $52
million dollars went to the accountants.  The problem here
is an audit committee was not doing its work.  If you look
at Enron's statements - and how many times have we heard
they were confusing?  It's the job of the auditing firm to
see to it that it is not confusing.  That's the real
problem.  Now, what can you do about it?

     RATIGAN:  Tell me.

     LEVITT:  I think, actually, the FASB, the independent
standards setter, could put through a rule, which says.

     RATIGAN:  And FASB is the Federal Accounting Standards
Board.  They set the rules.

     LEVITT:  Yes.  Located in Norwalk, Connecticut.  They
could say, if a company sets up another legal entity, and
the company retains all the risks and rewards of that
entity, then the public company, that public company that
set up these entities, must consolidate in the P&L, in the
balance sheet, all of these transactions.

     Now, how does that come about?  I think the SEC could
urge the FASB to do this.  In 1990, the present chief
accountant of the SEC called for that action to be taken
place, but at that point, the then-chief accountant didn't
support the move.

     RATIGAN:  And this creates, in your mind, a rallying
call to reiterate that request with more venom and more
passion than before?

     LEVITT:  I don't know about venom, but I.

     RATIGAN:  But with passion.

     LEVITT:  I certainly think that passion - I think this
is clearly a call for better disclosure.

     RATIGAN:  Fair enough.  I will see you next week, OK?

     LEVITT:  Good.  Nice to see you.

     RATIGAN:  You, too.

     ***END OF TRANSCRIPT***

USA: U.S. FERC watching Enron's impact on energy markets.

11/07/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.

WASHINGTON, Nov 7 (Reuters) - The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is w=
atching what effect Enron Corp.'s financial problems may have on interstate=
 electricity and natural gas markets, FERC chairman Pat Wood said on Wednes=
day.=20
However, Wood said FERC does not have a direct role in the ongoing federal =
investigation of the company.
"We're watching the impact that Enron or any other firm would have on the o=
verall workings of the market, but we're not intervening where other agenci=
es have jurisdiction," Wood told reporters during a briefing after the agen=
cy's regular meeting.=20
Enron, the nation's largest trader of natural gas and electricity, is under=
 attack for failing to explain off-balance sheet transactions that led to a=
 $1.2 billion write-down of shareholder equity.=20
The deals, conducted with partnerships run by ousted Chief Financial Office=
r Andrew Fastow, are under investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchang=
e Commission.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

Apache Unwinds Most Gas Hedges; Cites Enron Uncertainty
By Christina Cheddar
Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES

11/07/2001
Dow Jones News Service
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)

NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Over the last few days, Apache Corp. (APA) has unwou=
nd nearly all of its hedges on natural-gas prices due to concerns about wha=
t would happen to the marketplace for energy derivatives if Enron Corp. (EN=
E) collapsed.=20
According to Tony Lentini, a spokesman for the Houston natural-gas producer=
, many of the hedges were established to lock in the value of acquisitions =
the company made.
Apache unwound all but one hedge, a transaction that involved Enron and oth=
er parties, Lentini said.=20
Apache has a gain of about $70 million from the various transactions, but t=
he company hasn't determined yet how the gain will be accounted for in its =
financial results, the spokesman said.=20
Apache has been an outspoken critic of the merchant energy trading because =
of the company's perception that the system is underregulated and creates e=
xcessive energy price volatility.=20
-Christina Cheddar, Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-5166; christina.cheddar@do=
wjones.com

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

USA: Enron shares fall below $8 - set new nine-year low.

11/07/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.

NEW YORK, Nov 7 (Reuters) - Shares of Enron Corp. fell in a new round of se=
lling on Wednesday that set new nine-year lows, amid concerns about the ene=
rgy trading giant's ability to raise cash.=20
The company's stock slid $1.77, or 18.3 percent, to $7.90 in late morning t=
rading on the New York Stock Exchange, diving below $8 for the first time s=
ince February 1992. The shares are down almost 77 percent since the company=
 released its earnings results on Oct. 16, which set off the recent tumble.
The issues that have plagued the Houston-based company over the past three =
weeks continue to weigh on it, according to Jeff Dietert, an analyst at Sim=
mons and Co.=20
"It's a bit of a vicious cycle," he said. "The stock price declines, credit=
 concerns go up, counterparties attempt to reduce their exposure and the ea=
rnings power of the company deteriorates."=20
He added that Enron needs to "get all its ducks in a row" so that it can me=
et with the holders of its stocks and bonds to discuss issues such as the c=
ompany's capitalization and plans for strengthening its balance sheet.=20
Enron, the nation's largest trader of natural gas and electricity, is under=
 attack for failing to explain off-balance sheet transactions that led to a=
 $1.2 billion write-down of shareholder equity.=20
The deals, conducted with partnerships run by ousted Chief Financial Office=
r Andrew Fastow, are under investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchang=
e Commission.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

Enron's stock drops 25 percent

11/07/2001
Associated Press Newswires
Copyright 2001. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

HOUSTON (AP) - Enron Corp.'s stock price continued its free fall Wednesday =
as shares fell 25 percent to a new 10-year low amid reports the company was=
 having trouble attracting a large investor to allay worries about its fina=
ncial health and restore confidence.=20
Shares of the largest U.S. natural gas and power marketer dropped dlrs 2.41=
 to dlrs 7.26 in midday trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Enron has been rebuffed by more than a dozen buyout firms as well as Warren=
 Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, The New York Times reported Wednesday, citin=
g a person close to the talks.=20
Houston-based Enron's stock is off more than 79 percent since Oct. 16, when=
 the company said shareholder equity had been reduced by dlrs 1.2 billion, =
in part due to partnerships managed by Enron's former chief financial offic=
er, Andrew Fastow.=20
At the same time, reported a dlrs 618 million third quarter loss last month=
, dragged down by a one-time charge of dlrs 1.01 billion attributed to vari=
ous losses. Fastow was ousted a week later.=20
The company's financial stability was further weakened after the Securities=
 and Exchange Commission began an inquiry, which was upgraded to a formal i=
nvestigation, of the partnerships and possible conflicts of interest result=
ing from them.=20
On Tuesday, Jeff Skilling, Enron's former chief executive officer, testifie=
d before the SEC in Washington D.C.=20
Enron's woes have prompted speculation about a possible takeover of the com=
pany. Some of the potential buyers that have been mentioned include General=
 Electric's GE Capital unit and Royal Dutch Shell.=20
GE Capital has not ruled out an investment, the Times said, citing a source=
 close to the talks.=20
Enron has cashed in about dlrs 3 billion in revolving credit it has with va=
rious banks to shore up investor confidence.=20
Last week, Enron secured dlrs 1 billion in new financing, using some of its=
 natural gas and pipeline assets as collateral.=20
Enron officials said Tuesday seeking additional financing is one of the man=
y options the company is exploring to firm up investor and market confidenc=
e.=20
Meanwhile, Standard & Poor's Corp. on Wednesday lowered its ratings on some=
 of Enron's credit linked notes and placed them on CreditWatch. S-and-P sai=
d Enron's plan to repair its damaged balance sheet through asset sales and =
other means will be insufficient.=20
Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Inc. have also downgraded the company's=
 credit ratings.=20
Last week, Enron announced it created a special committee headed by Univers=
ity of Texas law school dean William Powers to respond to the SEC investiga=
tion. Powers also was elected to Enron's board of directors.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

Rabin & Peckel LLP Commences Class Action Against Enron Corporation and Cer=
tain of Its Officers and Directors, Alleging Violations of Federal Securiti=
es Laws

11/07/2001
Business Wire
(Copyright (c) 2001, Business Wire)

NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 7, 2001--A class action complaint has been =
filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texa=
s on behalf of all persons or entities who purchased Enron Corporation ("En=
ron" or the "Company") (NYSE: ENE) common stock between January 18, 2000 an=
d October 17, 2001, inclusive (the "Class Period"). The complaint was broug=
ht against defendants Enron, Kenneth Lay, Jeffrey K. Skilling and Andrew Fa=
stow. The case is numbered H-01-3736. The Honorable Melinda Harmon is the J=
udge presiding over the case.=20
The Complaint alleges that defendants violated Section 10(b) and 20(a) of t=
he Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 by issuing a series of material misr=
epresentations to the market between January 18, 2000 and October 17, 2001,=
 thereby artificially inflating the price of Enron common stock. Specifical=
ly, the Complaint alleges that Enron issued a series of statements concerni=
ng its business, financial results and operations which failed to disclose =
(i) that the Company's Broadband Services Division was experiencing declini=
ng demand for bandwidth and the Company's efforts to create a trading marke=
t for bandwidth were not meeting with success as many of the market partici=
pants were not creditworthy; (ii) that the Company's operating results were=
 materially overstated as a result of the Company failing to timely write-d=
own the value of its investments with certain limited partnerships which we=
re managed by the Company's chief financial officer; and (iii) that Enron w=
as failing to write-down impaired assets on a timely basis in accordance wi=
th Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"). During the Class Peri=
od, Enron insiders disposed of over $73 million of their personally-held En=
ron common stock to unsuspecting investors.
On October 16, 2001, Enron surprised the market by announcing that the Comp=
any was taking non-recurring charges of $1.01 billion after-tax, or ($1.11)=
 loss per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2001, the period ending Se=
ptember 30, 2001. Subsequently, Enron revealed that a material portion of t=
he charge was related to the unwinding of investments with certain limited =
partnerships which were controlled by Enron's chief financial officer and t=
hat the Company would be eliminating more than $1 billion in shareholder eq=
uity as a result of its unwinding of the investments. When this news hit th=
e market, the price of Enron common stock dropped significantly.=20
Plaintiff is represented by the law firm of Rabin & Peckel LLP. Rabin & Pec=
kel LLP and its predecessor firms have devoted its practice to shareholder =
class actions and complex commercial litigation for more than thirty years =
and have recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for shareholders in clas=
s actions throughout the United States. You can learn more information abou=
t Rabin & Peckel at www.rabinlaw.com.=20
If you purchased Enron common stock during the Class Period described above=
, you may, no later than December 21, 2001, move the Court to serve as lead=
 plaintiff. To serve as lead plaintiff, however, you must meet certain lega=
l requirements. You can join this action as a lead plaintiff online at www.=
rabinlaw.com. If you wish to discuss this action further or have any questi=
ons concerning this announcement, or your rights or interests, please conta=
ct plaintiff's counsel, Maurice Pesso and Eric Belfi, Rabin & Peckel LLP, 2=
75 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10016, by telephone at (800) 497-8076 or (2=
12) 682-1818, by facsimile at (212) 682-1892, or by e-mail at email@rabinla=
w.com.

CONTACT: Rabin & Peckel LLP Maurice Pesso/Eric Belfi, 800/497-8076 or 212/6=
82-1818 Fax: 212/682-1892 email@rabinlaw.com www.rabinlaw.com=20
12:41 EST NOVEMBER 7, 2001=20
Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

Enron's power company in India calls off Singapore meeting after Indian len=
ders file lawsuit
By SATISH NANDGAONKAR
Associated Press Writer

11/07/2001
Associated Press Newswires
Copyright 2001. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

BOMBAY, India (AP) - Enron Corp.'s Indian power unit canceled a meeting wit=
h four Indian creditors after they filed a lawsuit against the company and =
three other parties on Wednesday to demand that the energy project resume o=
perations.=20
The two-day meeting was scheduled to begin in Singapore on Thursday to disc=
uss bids by two Indian companies to acquire a stake in the troubled $2.9 bi=
llion Dabhol Power Co.
The lenders - Industrial Bank of India, Industrial Finance Corporation of I=
ndia, State Bank of India and ICICI - approached the Bombay court to demand=
 that work on the power project in the western Indian state of Maharashtra =
resume to ensure adequate cash flows to the project and help its promoters =
pay dues to the four financial institutions.=20
Dabhol Power Co., the state utility Maharashtra State Electricity Board, th=
e Government of India and the Maharashtra government were the four parties =
named in the lawsuit.=20
Indian banks and financial institutions, which have invested more than $1.3=
 billion in the project, want Dabhol to continue work on the project and th=
e MSEB to buy the power produced.=20
The two-day meeting in Singapore was scheduled to discuss the bids made by =
the two Indian companies, Tatas and the Bombay Suburban Electricity Supply,=
 to acquire a stake in DPC. Enron had offered to sell the stake in DPC for =
$850 million, at a 30 percent discount, while Tatas wanted a 50 percent dis=
count.=20
On Monday, Enron began its pullout from the Dabhol power project by issuing=
 a notice that it will sell its stake in the project to its sole customer, =
the Maharashtra State Electricity Board.=20
The asset transfer notice issued by the Dabhol Power Project to the MSEB co=
mes after a prolonged payment dispute with the electricity board.=20
The dispute forced the Houston-based company to shut down the Dabhol plant =
in May.=20
Fairfield, Conn.-based General Electric Co. and Bechtel Group Inc. of the U=
nited States each hold 10 percent stakes each in the company.=20
Enron has moved a London court for international arbitration, but says it w=
ould prefer a negotiated settlement with the federal government and the Mah=
arashtra state government.=20
The company still prefers a negotiated purchase of the project by the India=
n government and Indian term lending bodies that have funded the equity of =
foreign sponsors.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

USA: El Paso says it does not expect Enron bankruptcy.

11/07/2001
Reuters English News Service
(C) Reuters Limited 2001.

HOUSTON, Nov 7 (Reuters) - Energy company El Paso Corp. said on Wednesday i=
t does not expect beleaguered competitor Enron Corp. to file for bankruptcy=
.=20
Ralph Eads, who heads El Paso's merchant energy business, which includes el=
ectricity and natural gas marketing and trading, told analysts at a meeting=
 in Houston that the prospect of an Enron bankruptcy was "remote".
El Paso has gained some market share from Enron in recent weeks as a result=
 of some companies' reluctance to do business with Enron, Eads said, but he=
 added that El Paso has not scaled back its own business dealings with Enro=
n.=20
Eads said El Paso does not expect Enron's problems to result in a "domino e=
ffect" that could lead to reduced liquidity in U.S. electricity and natural=
 gas markets, a scenario that has been troubling some analysts and investor=
s recently.=20
El Paso Chief Executive Bill Wise told the meeting, which was broadcast ove=
r the Internet, that El Paso might be interested in acquiring some energy a=
ssets from Enron but was not interested in acquiring an equity stake in the=
 rival company, which is reported to be seeking an injection of new capital=
.

Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. =09

Energy traders are icing out Enron
Shares trade at 9-year lows for 2nd straight day=20
By Lisa Sanders,=20
CBS.MarketWatch.com
Last Update: 1:47 PM ET Nov. 7, 2001=20
=20
NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Amid mounting questions about Enron's liquidity and cr=
editworthiness, players in the energy-trading business have already begun t=
o limit their exposure to the embattled power merchant.

The revelations came Wednesday as Enron's stock (ENE: news, chart, profile)=
 plunged 24 percent following news that Standard & Poor's cut its ratings f=
or the company's credit-linked notes to two notches above junk status.

"Everybody's trying to balance out their exposure to Enron as best they can=
," said an energy trader who spoke on condition of anonymity. "That means n=
ot doing business or minimizing their business with Enron."

1 of 4 energy trades

Traders' attempts to isolate the company underscore concerns about the stab=
ility of the overall energy-trading market, in which Enron is involved in 1=
 out of every 4 trades.=20

However, some industry watchers are confident that the energy market can su=
rvive if Houston-based Enron were to disappear.

"Even though they quote-unquote make the market, the market exists whether =
Enron is there or not," said Phil Flynn, senior markets analyst at Alaron.c=
om. "Those that think this is the end of energy trading have another thing =
coming."

Enron, its shares trading at levels not seen since 1992, saw the stock fall=
 $2.27 to $7.40 on in afternoon volume of 58 million.

On Wednesday, Standard & Poor's, which just last week downgraded Enron's co=
rporate credit rating, cut the rating on the credit-linked notes of Enron C=
redit Linked Notes Trusts to BBB from BBB-plus. S&P also added a "Watch neg=
ative" designation, meaning the rating agency is poised to issue further do=
wngrades if warranted.=20

"The CreditWatch placements recognize the uncertainties that surround the c=
ompany and its credit quality in the short run due to the possibility of fu=
rther anticipated developments in the capital markets," the rating agency w=
rote.

Wednesday's downgrade affects $500 million worth of notes, which are deriva=
tives linked to Enron's senior unsecured debt, now rated BBB.

"The investors are taking the risk of Enron credit" by purchasing the secur=
ities from the trusts even though these are not issued by Enron," said Tom =
Fritz, a Standard & Poor's managing director.

In addition, Standard & Poor's cut to BBB Yosemite Securities Co. Series 20=
00-A. The obligations use Enron's corporate rating as a backstop.=20

The counterparty to Yosemite and the credit-linked notes is Citibank, Fritz=
 said. Last week, J.P. Morgan joined with Salomon Smith Barney, which along=
 with Citibank is a unit of Citigroup (C: news, chart, profile), to extend =
$1 billion in new credit to Enron to help the company's liquidity.

'Not business as usual'

"With these downgrades, it's not business as usual," the energy trader said=
. "We're already in the process of losing a counterparty that contributed a=
 good deal of liquidity to the energy-trading market."

The trader cited Calpine (CPN: news, chart, profile), Dynegy (DYN: news, ch=
art, profile), and El Paso Energy (EPG: news, chart, profile) as energy tra=
ders that have a chance to gain market share, but he conceded that Enron wo=
n't be replaced overnight, should it cease to exist.

"Energy trading won't be destroyed at all," the trader said. "It will certa=
inly be diminished but not gone."

What Enron's absence would do is make it more difficult for lesser creditwo=
rthy companies to participate in the market. Exchanges such as the New York=
 Mercantile Exchange and the Intercontinental Exchange may gain a higher pr=
ofile.=20

Both of them are trying to establish a clearinghouse for the unregulated ma=
rket for derivative-energy transactions, as the NYMEX already does with fut=
ures.=20

In other news, Enron is preparing to close most of its Asian broadband tele=
communications business, part of a global restructuring that comes as the c=
ompany is seeking a capital infusion of as much as $2 billion to help it th=
rough a financial crisis. See previous story.

"Poor demand for broadband is being exacerbated by falling prices, requirin=
g Enron to consider the best options for managing its global broadband busi=
ness," according to a recent company memo obtained by CBS.MarketWatch.com.

Lisa Sanders is a Dallas-based reporter for CBS.MarketWatch.com.=20

Legal Group Plans Suit to Void California Power Contracts
2001-11-07 14:20 (New York)

Legal Group Plans Suit to Void California Power Contracts

     Escondido, California, Nov. 7 (Bloomberg) -- A conservative
legal foundation said it will file a lawsuit tomorrow to void long-
term contracts California signed with power generators, claiming
they put an unfair burden on taxpayers.

     The United States Justice Foundation intends to sue in
Sacramento County Superior Court, said Richard D. Ackerman, lead
counsel on the case for the group. The USJF wants a court to
terminate the long-term power contracts and require money already
paid to the generators to be returned to the state.

     The USJF proposes a class action to represent California
taxpayers and alleges violations of the state's business and open-
meeting laws. Ackerman said his group may need to forge new law to
succeed in the case.

     ``You're gonna have some serious legal battles that may go to
the appeals level in this case,'' Ackerman said.

     California officials last spring signed about $43 billion in
long-term power contracts after two investor-owned utilities
became insolvent. Governor Gray Davis has said the contracts were
needed to bring stability to California's energy market. Since
then, the cost of power has dropped, leaving California with
contracts to buy electricity above spot-market prices.

     Enron Corp., Southern California Edison Company, Pacific Gas
& Electric Company, Green Mountain Energy, San Diego Gas &
Electric Company, Reliant Energy Company, PacifiCorp Power
Marketing, Inc., Alliance Colton LLC, and Calpine Energy Company
have electricity contracts with the state, according to a USJF
press release.

     The USJF said it sent a letter to California officials giving
them notice of its intent to sue. The group, which calls itself
``Your conservative voice in the courts'' on its Web site, is
supported by individual donations, Ackerman said.

--Michael B. Marois in Sacramento (916) 503-1612

call me if you need me

I've got them.  What's your fax #

you don't need to include yourself in it....

cancel tonight's festivities

let's push until monday

huge plane-flight problems
didn't even get to NY till 4:00pm
sorry to have not called

is there a decent time today to talk, or do you want to push to monday

let me know
again sorry
heff

remind jim how the h/j/k spread acted this year.  granted it won't behave that way again until close to expiry, but i like the j/k outright much moreso than the condor.

Caroline Abramo@ENRON
04/30/2001 12:24 PM
Jim Pulaski <Jim.Pulaski@tudor.com> on 04/30/2001 12:17:09 PM
btw,  that wasnt me buying the f-g/j-k on friday at 4

can you approve this

The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days.  Please review.

Owner: Justin K Rostant
Report Name: JRostant 10/24/01
Days In Mgr. Queue: 15

pull up www.dynegy.com and look at the picture and the headline

 

for at least another couple days

Hi John,

Please let me know if you want us to continue this report.

Savita

Savita,

The Arnold report has been reviewed and it looks good.

Thanks 
TARA
this report is ready to be verified...

 << File: TOP 50 CP - GAS EM 11-9-01.xls >> 
Adam Johnson
EnronOnline

mirant and koch arent selling physical

I talked to Man and they agreed to back off.  They will not call for more margin nor will they require us to move positions, as of this minute anyway.  If you hear any differently, please call me.
John

wanna get a smoothie with me by the playground with me after school?

aep goes out and celebrates every night.  

The industry loves us!.....

Sorry, but don't know the names offhand.  Haven't seriously looked externally for 5 years.

John,

Thanks for taking my call this morning and giving me the lay of the
land.  You mentioned the fact that there are a couple of HeadHunting
firms out there that are doing some business on the Trading side...do
you have any idea what firms those are so I can do some checking around
to see what they are all about etc....

Any other ideas you might have would be appreciated.

Thanks again for the time.  I do appreciate it....

Chris Spintzyk / Search Partner
ThinkingAhead
615.316.5474 Office
615.400.8719 Mobile
chriss@thinkingahead.com
www.thinkingahead.com

" A players hire A players.  Hire B players and you end up with a
company full of C's "

"Each day the good lord gives me an opportunity to be good, better, or
best.  Each day I pledge to the Lord I will not rest until my good is
better, and my better is the best !"

"Something Terrible Happens when people don't sell something.....Nothing
!!"

what article in the chronicle?

John,

Thanks for getting back with me...and according to the article in the
Houston Chronicle you are the #1 guy there, so I can see why there would
not be a need to look...how does the merger with Dynegy affect you
guys...is there going to be a shakeout ?  Also if you could take a guess
are there allot of companies in Houston aggressively hiring experienced
traders now or has it slowed...?

Thanks again and continued success....

Chris Spintzyk / Search Partner
ThinkingAhead
615.316.5474 Office
615.400.8719 Mobile
chriss@thinkingahead.com
www.thinkingahead.com

" A players hire A players.  Hire B players and you end up with a
company full of C's "

"Each day the good lord gives me an opportunity to be good, better, or
best.  Each day I pledge to the Lord I will not rest until my good is
better, and my better is the best !"

"Something Terrible Happens when people don't sell something.....Nothing
!!"
>
 - Chris Spintzyk.vcf << File: Chris Spintzyk.vcf >> 

Latest comments FYI
 - ng042901.doc 

how bout 3:15?

When are we going? 

wanna get a smoothie with me by the playground with me after school?

yea, call me when you're walking out

i need to talk to you about work stuff too. are we meeting downstairs in the lobby?

how bout 3:15?

When are we going? 

wanna get a smoothie with me by the playground with me after school?

...since I waited half an hour for you last time

okay skilling

whatever. i'll call when i'm walking out and i'm sure i'll wait 45 minutes. asshole.

...since I waited half an hour for you last time

Tell them that margin will be posted as normal, no excess nor any intraday calls.  Since ENE is flush with liquidity, he should be very comfortable that we can pay our bills.  The positions will roll off through time until the position gets very small and then we will x-pit everything out of Man and close the account.  Anything different and all dealings between Man and Enron in energy will be terminated in both OTC and futures.  

John - I returned a call to Ira Polk and Kevin Davis today at Man.  Ira was not in so I spoke with Kevin.  

Kevin asked me if Enron would consider posting more margin than required by NYMEX on our option positions. He said that "given ENE is now flush with liquidity" he thinks it would make Enron "look good" in front of the EDF Board.  He asked for twice the margin required by NYMEX but stated that he would be "ecstatic" with 1.5x (about $5 million.)  He specifically asked me not to elevate this request to your level but I feel you have a right to know what EDF is asking of ENE.  He also told me that if we did not post the additional margin then EDF would have to give us intraday calls every time the market moved against our positions.  Kevin also state that EDF is too small compared to a bank and that he would prefer if EDF odes only execution of ENE deals and we clear all ENE transactions through a bank.  

I have been out of town so may be missing on part of the story but I think it's ridiculous that EDF wants us to do them a favour when they ditched us when Enron was in a  severe liquidity crisis.  I told Kevin that I did not think we would meet his request but that would check on it internally.  

I talked to Man and they agreed to back off.  They will not call for more margin nor will they require us to move positions, as of this minute anyway.  If you hear any differently, please call me.
John

yes

John:

I have spoken with the assistants and the following people are the ones who probably need to come in or would want to come in on Sunday:

EAST:				WEST:
Jon McKay			Mike Grigsby
Scott Neal			Keith Holst
Pete Keavey			Frank Ermis	
				Tori Kuykendall
CENTRAL:				
Geoff Storey			TEXAS:
Andy Lewis			Tom Martin
Hunter Shively			Eric Bass
Martin Cuilla			Joe Parks
				Jim Schwieger
FINANCIAL:			Daren Farmer (maybe)
John Arnold
Mike Maggi
Dutch Quigley
John Griffith
Larry May

If this is okay with you, I will forward it on to Tammy Shepperd.
GAS TRADING TEAM

Can you guys please prepare a coordinated list of no more than 35 people that can come in on Sunday between 2- 6:00 pm to test trading applications.  Due to the combination of the moves (over 900 people) the IT group wants to ensure that your applications are functioning properly before Monday morning.  

The list should be weighted heavier towards those folks who can identify system problems rather than unpacking boxes.  There will still be alot of the move team on the floor finishing installations etc.  

Please provide the list by end of business today (thursday).  

Thank you!
Tammy
x36589

All, 
I have included an outline of the move for this weekend, we will commence approx 2:00pm Friday when the power tading market closes. We need everyone (except the 24x7 groups & office of the chair) to be off the phones by 6:00pm. These times have been agreed with the department heads and we will be flexible where necessary upto 6:00pm

We will open the floors between 2:00pm & 5:00pm on Sunday, for the following groups to come in and test their systems and telephones, the users are being selected by the heads of departments and we have support staff on-hand to deal with problems and questions.
25 Gas traders / admins
25 Power traders / admins
10 Gas back office /admins
10 Power back office / admins
Office of the chair and admin staff

Business contingency and fall back positions will be in-place on Sunday

if you need any more information, please call me or pass the requests on via Tammy Shepperd

 << OLE Object: Microsoft Word Document >> 
Martin Bucknell - 713 853 1800

isnt that pasta yummy and nutricious?

i'm working out w/ perky at tline around 530 today if you're interested.

I threw most of mine away - now I will munch on chocolate all afternoon.  At least it tastes better!

isnt that pasta yummy and nutricious?

do you still look at this?

Attached please find the Natural Gas market analysis for today.

Thanks,

Bob McKinney

 - 11-16-01 Nat Gas.doc << File: 11-16-01 Nat Gas.doc >> 

You're a jerk

can you get me the number of our contact at the Delano.  I have a personal favor to ask them.
john

I think we're sneaking out early to get a beer around 3-4.  Wanna come?

You're an asshole

You're a jerk

yea right.  on what?  corporate marketing?   ha,ha,ha

maybe - call me when you're leaving. i'm actually working!

I think we're sneaking out early to get a beer around 3-4.  Wanna come?

You're an asshole

You're a jerk

yep

you (and Matt) going to dallas this week?

wed after work

what's in it for us?

when?  and if I needed a ride up there, could I tag with you guys?

yep

you (and Matt) going to dallas this week?

but really?

my awesome company

wed after work

what's in it for us?

when?  and if I needed a ride up there, could I tag with you guys?

yep

you (and Matt) going to dallas this week?

5

5 day or 7 day for hub cash

will do.
 
The purpose of nymex on weekends is to make everybody in the industry bring up EOL every day.  There were a few days when I would get in at 7 and power traders in the industry were already trading gas either throught the broker market or on ice.  I'm trying to ensure EOL is the primary system used to trade gas.  However, it is a money loser.  If we gap down 10 cents over a weekend, I lose an average of 5 cents on 600 lots, $300,000, minus bid/offer on maybe 50 buy/sells of 30 lots times .005 is $75,000.  I don't really want to put more automatic products on the system that do little good as far as promoting EOL but are money losers. The one exception is Hub cash which I think should be a 24 hour 5 day a week product.  
 
Are the FedEx's getting to everybody Monday or are you sending them Monday?
 
I need to give you a task.  Figure out what I lost last week.
 
Also, why don't we have the rest of month henry hub swap up on weekends.
 
this week
 
150 each
 
indi +5.5
jets +5.5
phili -7
seattle -3.5
tenn +2
sd +9
jack +5.5 -----> 250
st louis -8 
st louis/ne england over 46.5
 
 

I spose so but we might have to take stupid as well I just found out.

she's not allowed to go anymore per ENE

are you talking about JS?  thought she was going to kentucky?  I was going with my friend Elizabeth but she is probobly going to have to work on Friday.  So I may just ride back with her.  Trying to figure it  all out.

I spose so but we might have to take stupid as well I just found out.

can you get my after 3 eol volumes asap

I liked my drawing better

Doug / Arturo-

Below is a small presentation we made on EFS with the flow diagrams John drew out.

Please call us when you are ready to discuss.

Kind Regards,
Caroline
212 715 2395

 << File: EFS.ppt >> 

pookie:
check this out:
www.sailmainecoast.com/index.html

Looking into it

Thanks for taking the time to put this PowerPoint presentation together to
better outline the flow. It helps us discuss it internally.

Recently our internal compliance folks have discussed the "give-up risk".
Specifically, what guarantee do we have that the executor's (Enron) FCM will
accept the block trade and get it to the exchange on behalf of our clients?
There is some concern that there might be limits imposed by the FCM due to
issues such as credit and the high volatility of NG.

They have requested we sign a four (or more) party give-up agreement between
Campbell, Enron, your clearing firm(s) and our clearing firm(s).  Is this
the SOP as you envision the NYMEX EFS?  We are at the point where the
specific documentation issues are the main obstacles to moving forward.  If
we buy 1,000 NG from you, how do we know your FCM can guarantee acceptance
of the trade for further give-up?  Your legal feedback is welcome.

Thanks,
CDY

========================================================

The information transmitted in this email is intended for the named
addressee(s) only.  As this email may contain confidential and/or
privileged information, if you are not the intended recipient, you are
not authorized to retain, read, copy or disseminate this email or any
part of it.  If you received this email in error, please contact the
sender and permanently delete the email and any attachments.

Unless expressly stated, opinions in this email are those of the
individual sender and not of Campbell & Company, Inc.

 - EFS.ppt << File: EFS.ppt >> 

Kristin:
Sorry for the delay.  Unfotunately I don't have any openings in my group right now.  If I hear of any positions open I'll give you a shout.  Can you remind me what title you have now.   
John

John,

Hello and good Monday morning to you.  I briefly meet you while talking to Paul Racicot on Friday at Front Porch Pub.  With Matt working here in Freight you probably already know we are not well off these days.  Next on the chopping block is never a good place to be.  

This is a forward question but what the hell.  I was wondering if you knew of any positions available in your area.  If you can believe it I am not ready to leave Enron behind yet.  Thanks for your help.

Regards,

Kristin Gandy
Freight Markets
Enron Global Markets
1400 Smith Street ECS 3657
Houston, Texas  77002
713-853-7263 
kristin.gandy@enron.com

full day today because of aga

yea, going home to the Big D

thanks.. do we have early close today?
are you going home for thanksgiving?

Looking into it

Thanks for taking the time to put this PowerPoint presentation together to
better outline the flow. It helps us discuss it internally.

Recently our internal compliance folks have discussed the "give-up risk".
Specifically, what guarantee do we have that the executor's (Enron) FCM will
accept the block trade and get it to the exchange on behalf of our clients?
There is some concern that there might be limits imposed by the FCM due to
issues such as credit and the high volatility of NG.

They have requested we sign a four (or more) party give-up agreement between
Campbell, Enron, your clearing firm(s) and our clearing firm(s).  Is this
the SOP as you envision the NYMEX EFS?  We are at the point where the
specific documentation issues are the main obstacles to moving forward.  If
we buy 1,000 NG from you, how do we know your FCM can guarantee acceptance
of the trade for further give-up?  Your legal feedback is welcome.

Thanks,
CDY

========================================================

The information transmitted in this email is intended for the named
addressee(s) only.  As this email may contain confidential and/or
privileged information, if you are not the intended recipient, you are
not authorized to retain, read, copy or disseminate this email or any
part of it.  If you received this email in error, please contact the
sender and permanently delete the email and any attachments.

Unless expressly stated, opinions in this email are those of the
individual sender and not of Campbell & Company, Inc.

 - EFS.ppt << File: EFS.ppt >> 

Hey John -

You're the only guy I know in Nat Gas. Please forward this to the right person. Thanks.

Lenny

Hi Lenny,

Don't know if you are involved in this area or not. I think maybe. Anyway, we have a refined lead contract with Hammond. The local buyer for Pottstown, PA is interested in getting information about natural gas for possible future use from ENRON. If you could contact him or direct him to the person that is in a position to help it would be appreciated.  His name is, Joe Stewartz E-MAIL address is jstewartz@hmndgroup.com
telephone number (610) 327-1400 Fax number (610) 327-1255

Thanking you in advance and hope all is well with you.

Regards,
Ron Brown

everybody and their mom is short. Plus, a lot of people think the z/f is too wide so either the front needs to go up or the back down.

nope

why are futs still so high?
did you ever find anything about those s+p commodity futures contracts?

full day today because of aga

yea, going home to the Big D

thanks.. do we have early close today?
are you going home for thanksgiving?

Looking into it

Thanks for taking the time to put this PowerPoint presentation together to
better outline the flow. It helps us discuss it internally.

Recently our internal compliance folks have discussed the "give-up risk".
Specifically, what guarantee do we have that the executor's (Enron) FCM will
accept the block trade and get it to the exchange on behalf of our clients?
There is some concern that there might be limits imposed by the FCM due to
issues such as credit and the high volatility of NG.

They have requested we sign a four (or more) party give-up agreement between
Campbell, Enron, your clearing firm(s) and our clearing firm(s).  Is this
the SOP as you envision the NYMEX EFS?  We are at the point where the
specific documentation issues are the main obstacles to moving forward.  If
we buy 1,000 NG from you, how do we know your FCM can guarantee acceptance
of the trade for further give-up?  Your legal feedback is welcome.

Thanks,
CDY

========================================================

The information transmitted in this email is intended for the named
addressee(s) only.  As this email may contain confidential and/or
privileged information, if you are not the intended recipient, you are
not authorized to retain, read, copy or disseminate this email or any
part of it.  If you received this email in error, please contact the
sender and permanently delete the email and any attachments.

Unless expressly stated, opinions in this email are those of the
individual sender and not of Campbell & Company, Inc.

 - EFS.ppt << File: EFS.ppt >> 

The reason I asked is, this sounds bad, but right now the cheaper you are the easier time I'll have finding you a job.

John,

Thanks for the note back.  My title is Specialist so I am the little man on the trading floor, but since I have been here I have been kicking ass.  I enjoy trading and really didn't get the chance to dig into it deep.  Anyway, take care and have a Happy Holiday.

Kristin Gandy
Freight Markets
Enron Global Markets
1400 Smith Street ECS 3657
Houston, Texas  77002
713-853-7263 
kristin.gandy@enron.com

>  -----Original Message-----

Is it okay to leave around 3:00?

did not, but I went to my wine locker and picked out 12 bottles for the weekend so I think we're okay unless you're taking some to your friends.  I'll call you when I'm ready and we'll figure it out.

of course, I'm just tagging with you guys.  Did you ever go to Christopher's?  I might go pick up some wine - any requests or recommendations?  And where do you want to leave from? 

Is it okay to leave around 3:00?

huh?

No english?  i got the math.

                                                   probability   *
payout    =
1 heads                                            .5        0    = 0
   tails       2 heads                                  .25       1
= .25
              tails      3 heads                        .125           2
= .25
                       tails       4 heads              .0625          4
= .25
                                 tails        5 heads   .03125         8
= .25

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

which game is that?

Expected value of game = 1/2 * 0 + 1/4 * 1 + 1/8 *2 + 1/16 *4 +1/32 *
8+....
                   = 0        +.25       +.25      +.25      +.25      +...
                   = infinity

Please respond to <epao@mba2002.hbs.edu>

rules to a game:
You flip a coin. If you get tails you win 0.  if you get heads, i give you
$1.  Keep flipping until you get a tails, at which point you walk away with
the money.  however, each heads you get after the first you double your
money.  So if you flip heads 3 times and then tails, you get $4.  What's
you bid/offer on playing this game?  (would you pay $.5 to play? $1? $2?
what you charge me play against you?)

212 836 5030

kimberly:
any interest in accompanying me to maggi's bd party sat nite?

sure

They are coming in Sunday night obviously ( the 13th of May)
We may do a dinner around 8pm -- if this is a yes --are you in you? wanna pick their brains with a one on one?

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

may be looking to sell some naked calls soon.  can you check that i would be approved to sell 200 of either 65 or 70's expiring somewhere between jul-jan. 
 also, if i sell naked calls with a tenor of more than one year that expire worthless, do the gains get counted as LT cap gains?

sure, how about thursday at 3:30?   would like to get update on ENE's lng projects as well. 

Jonathan Whitehead @ ENRON   04/24/2001 07:28 AM

John, I have just arrived in Houston, and will be running the LNG Trading & Shipping business. I worked for Louise for many years, and took over the European Gas business from her when she came over here a few years ago. I'd like to meet you and discuss a few issues. Do you have any time over the next few days? 

Thanks,
Jonathan

my numbers from mar 15.  would raise jun-augy by 10 cents because of the supportive weather we had from mar 15-apr 15

	arnold	
May-01	455	
Jun-01	395	
Jul-01	370	
Aug-01	350	
Sep-01	350	
Oct-01	360	
Nov-01	360	
Dec-01	325	
Jan-02	280	
		

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

are we first?  if not, when does the road show start and/or when does the b=
asic theme get distributed around the industry?

PIRA is coming in May to do their semi-annual energy outlook.

Greg Shuttlesworth- North American Natural Gas --- May 14th 3-5 pm (30 C1)
?=09New Production Outlook
?=09Price Direction
?=09Demand Fundamentals

Dr. Gary Ross - World Oil Outlook --- May 16th 7-8:30 am --32C2
?=09OIl/ Demand/ supply Outlook
?=09Regional balances
?=09OPEC Rhetoric

Jen Fraser
34759

1.   don't know.  some industrial shutdown is not gas price dependent.  some will not come back at the same prices it went off.  residential conservation i think is underestimated and has a severe lag effect that will not come back as prices fall.  as far as switching i dont think #2 is the floor some people think it is.  maybe #6 is the floor.
2.  you know my outlook for xh,  with slightly above normal weather jan goes out at 2.75 and that is not constrained by a #6 floor.  next jv, too far away to really run the numbers but think natty reestablishes itself as a $2.50-3.50 commodity.  
3. the obvious
4. yes.  believe if we end at 2.6 in the ground, the current nymex forward curve may be fairly priced.  my belief is that at the current prices we will end up with much more than 2.6 and that $5 is not value if we have 2.8 in the ground and gaining y on y.  circular argument that leads to my belief that prices must fall.
5.  not necessarily.  will loss of demand with normal weather cancel the fact that there will be much less demand destruction.  probably.

 
1- The above spreadsheet looks at HO-NG seasonally. It gives perspective on 'normal relationships'. 

Things I need to clarify about your ng view
1- As gas plummets are you assuming that it regains all demand (industrial shutdowns and fuel switchers)?
2-What is your outlook for Nov-Mar 01 and Ap-oct 02
3- How does your view change with a normal, cold or warm winter ?
4- Is your view predicated on getting to 2.6  is easy and that world did not end this past winter a storage level of 2.6?
5- Do you believe that we will need to price some demand out again this winter?

Thanks

can you send jean a list of her seat numbers
John,

I heard from Wes Colwell that you had been appointed by Lavorato to layout the sixth floor for gas.  This morning I spoke to Wes regarding the placement of the Upstream/Ecommerce desk on six.  I have taken 6 spaces but I need two more.  The two I would like to use (e29 & e30) are currently being occupied by the Central Region.  I would like to move these individuals to two spots right across from their current location (e35 & e36).

For your information, the current six spots that I have are :  e17, e18, e21, e22, e23 and e24.

Please call when you can.  Good luck trading...

Regards, Mrha

thanks a lot

most bullish thing at this point is moving closer to everyone's psychological $4 price target and that everybody and their dog is still short.  next sellers need to be from producer community.  saw a little this week with williams hedging the barrett transaction but wouldnt say thats indicative of the rest of the e&p community.  short covering rallies will get more common here.  velocity of move down has slowed significantly for good (except maybe in bid week).  my concern is if we go to $4 and people want to cover some shorts, who's selling it to them?  might feel a lot like it did when we were trying to break $5.

awfully close......

yes

Ina Rangel
04/23/2001 05:04 PM
John,

Have you cleared everything with Presto about having to move over one row to make room for Fred's group?

-Ina

SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/23/2001 10:15:27 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  ? 2001 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Option Candlesticks
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/candlesticks51.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

fuck you

1sm2qs1@msn.com on 04/23/2001 10:48:39 AM
Please respond to bartonbarile113@cutey.com
Debt got you down?
You're not alone....

Consumer debt is at an all-time high.

If you are in debt more that $10,000, please read on.

Whether your debt dilemma is the result of illness,
unemployment, or overspending, it can all seem overwhelming.

Don't despair.

We can help you regain your financial foothold.

We invite you to find out what thousands
before you have already discovered. Fill out
our simplified form below for your free
consultation and see how much you can save!
Let us show you how to become debt free without
borrowing or filing bankruptcy.

[][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]

 Full Name:
 Address:
 City:
 State:
 Zip Code:
 Home Phone:
 Work Phone:
 Best Time to Call:
 E-Mail Address:
 Estimated Debt Size($10,000 Min):

(No information ever provided to any third party sources)

[][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]

This request is totally risk free.
No obligation or costs are incurred.

Thank you for your time.

To unsubscribe please hit reply and send a message with remove in the subject.

do you mind if i go out with the boys from work tonight?

Hello, I noticed you carried several of the 98 Zoom Zins.  Any chance you have the 33 year old vines version?  Please advise,
John

you think i'm going to put this in ellectronic form?  no way.   

	arnold	
May-01		
Jun-01		
Jul-01		
Aug-01		
Sep-01		
Oct-01		
Nov-01		
Dec-01		
Jan-02		

Jen Fraser
Enron Global Markets Fundamentals
713-853-4759

SOblander@carrfut.com on 04/19/2001 10:50:12 AM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  ? 2001 Carr Futures

The charts are now available on the web by clicking on the hot link(s)
contained in this email. If for any reason you are unable to receive the
charts via the web, please contact me via email and I will email the charts
to you as attachments.

Option Candlesticks
http://www.carrfut.com/research/Energy1/candlesticks25.pdf

Carr Futures
150 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 1500
Chicago, IL 60606  USA
Tel:  312-368-6149
Fax:  312-368-2281
soblander@carrfut.com
http://www.carrfut.com

Mike:
Please resend the forms needed although I may have sent the necessary docs with the courier that delivered the check.  Do not believe we've seen the worst yet.

Will not be looking to put more money to work on the long only side for a while.  Even with the rally today I do not believe we've seen the worst yet.

John -

Yes, we received your check and forms.  The check has been deposited and the
forms have been processed.  The actual debits for hedge fund subscriptions
will begin on April 24th.

As for naked options, I believe we sent the paperwork for naked options to
you in February, but I don't believe we got it back.  Also, I'm concerned
about the margin requirements for naked options interfering with funds
available for the hedge fund subscriptions on April 24th.

I also have an ACCESS manager portfolio presentation for you to review
concerning the long-stock portion of your portfolio.  I'm thinking we could
knock out the paperwork, discuss protecting your liquidity for the hedge
funds vs. naked option margin requirements, and walk you through the ACCESS
manager proposal in about 30-45 minutes if you're available around 5 PM
tonight or tomorrow night.  With regards to the marginable equity for naked
options question, are the stocks at Fidelity held in joint name?

Thanks,
Mike

mike:
just want to confirm you received my money and forms.
also, checking to see if i am set up to sell naked calls on ENE.  may be
looking to do something this week.  probably 100-200 contracts.
john

Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please
do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and
PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions.  Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality:
PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of
all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.

Please send it to me.
john

John,
Let me know.

Thanks,
Julie

Hi Julie. I noticed the contracts have been received.  However, "North America"
has been crossed off the contract. That is the name it was signed under and
still the current trading name for Emissions and Natural gas. Not sure if it
was a mistake or not. Anyway - please get back to me when you can. I am going
to try to set up a meeting with the gas guys for tomorrow 4/17. Thanks

Yolanda

I will be attending the ski outing - I am not sure about my arrival and 
departure dates, but I did put tentative dates. Once I make my bookings I 
will update you on my final dates. I might stay an extra day, and will pick 
that up. Thanks

Harry

Suresh

For the next two weeks, I'd like you to focus on the following.

1. Development frame-work and getting Zach upto speed
 Specs for Syndication report & testing & production date
 Finalize questionnaire and production date
 Modifications to Invitee and User stats
2. EnronOnline auctions - structure, and hash out details to enable kick off
3. Legal frame-work , shorten contracts for both deal-rooms and auctions
4. Marketing materials for procurement - and leasing, mail to top 100 list.
5.Complete transfer of operations to Networks group (Sherri Thomas's group)
6. Budget changes
7. Finalize hiring needs for Q1 and Q2
8. Focus each of the marketing leads on revenue, client lists, outreach, 
marketing and sales strategy
 Ross - procurement
 Don - Banks
 Toby - Data rooms
 Miguel - leases, legal and other data rooms
9. Dataroom development frame-work

Harry

Dave

Find enclosed the business plan and the valuation model for DealBench.  Feel 
free to call me with questions.

Harry Arora

How does 3 pm look ?

Leonardo Pacheco@ENRON
02/06/2001 10:25 AM
I am open after 2:00 Pm. Let me know when I can come by your office.

Thanks!

Leonardo

Harry Arora@ECT
02/05/2001 06:34 PM
Leonardo

Lets do one more iteration some time tomorrow.  These are looking pretty 
goood.

Harry

Jocelyn

New Power Company and Azurix are other affiliate companies of Enron. EDS is a 
totally different company, to which we have outsourced some stuff - so they 
have a number of employees on our premises ( on EDS contract).

I personally do not work out at the bodyshop. So would be unable to help you 
on how it might be in the morning.  I am sure you can call the BodyShop and 
they can help you out.  If you have questions, our HR co-ordinator (Lauren or 
Ben) should be able to provide further assistance.

Harry

Harry,

Just a quick question for you, please.

I read the guidelines and included them below regarding the Body Shop.  At 
the beginning of the page, it includes the category of employees to include 
some that I am not familiar with.  Of course, I do see the area for 
contractors, however, I was curious what these classifications are.  Can you 
please let me know what these are?
New Power Company/Azurix/EDS Employees

I just want to be sure on the correct fees prior to making a commitment to 
join with them.  Also, have you ever been to the Body Shop in the morning?  
Do you know if it is super crowded or not?  I can't imagine too many people 
arriving at 5:30am.

Thanks ahead for your input.  I appreciate it.

Jocelyn Gordon
DealBench
713-345-3826 (P)
713-346-8576 (F)

The Body Shop

www.hrweb.enron.com/wellness The Enron Fitness Center is a member only 
workout facility for use by Enron employees, their spouses & dependents 
(18-23 and living at home); retirees; and long-term contractors on a minimum 
3-month assignment.  

Membership Fees
Enron/ /New Power Company/Azurix/EDS Employees
$25/month
Locker/Laundry Fee
$10/month
Spouse/Dependents (18-23 yrs. and living at home)
$15/month
Retirees
$36.50/month
Contractors
$38/month

That sounds good.

Harry

Harry,

How about meeting today between 2:00PM and 3:00PM.

Thanks

Saji John

EB2762 !

Harry,

We do not have any conference room available between 2:00 and 3:00PM. Can we 
meet at your office during that time ?

Thanks

Saji John

	Harry Arora@ECT
	02/07/01 10:50 AM
		
That sounds good.

Harry

Harry,

How about meeting today between 2:00PM and 3:00PM.

Thanks

Saji John

Cool !

   
	
	

Just left you a voicemail, but thought I would follow up with an email 
summarizing my conversation earlier today with Philippe.
Apparently for the new building, Enron will be purchasing 2000+ flat panels 
(I assume mostly PC monitors with potentially some Plasma TVs).   Philippe 
would like to arrange 3 or 4 bidders to compete in a live, online DealBench 
auction.   He mentioned that you would be in charge of contacting Compaq, NEC 
and the other suppliers of these displays and would be the primary Enron 
person involved in this procurement (I'm estimating it at a $2 to $4 million 
contract).

I wanted to offer to have one of our Marketing professionals spend some time 
with you to walk through a sample auction to make sure you are comfortable 
with our platform and that we can meet all your live auctioning needs.   
Please give me a call at 3-5629 when you have a minute to discuss.  If you 
want to arrange a demo, please contact Vanessa Carranza (3-5030).

thanks,
Jeff

Jeffrey M. Bartlett
Director, Enron Net Works
713-853-5629
jeff.bartlett@enron.com

Rob

Find enclosed the business plan and the valuation model for DealBench.  Feel 
free to call me with questions.

Harry Arora

Ben

You want to go get lunch ?

Whats your cell #?  I think I gave Mike Cyrus your home #.  I talked with him last night and he was going to give you a call.  Lets you and me try and talk today.  I have some material about these guys that you will appreciate.
Ben

 
IntercontinentalExchange 
Firm Power Price Bulletin 

For Power Delivered on Monday, December 03, 2001 
(Trade Date of Friday, November 30, 2001) 

Click here to access index history <http://www.intcx.com/SubscriberServlet/subscriberservlet.class?operation=powerIndexForm&hub=All>. 

* volume represents sell-side only * 

Hub	 High	 Low	 Wtd Avg Index	 Change ($)	 Vol (Mwh)	
Cinergy	 $20.00	 $15.75	 $17.75	 - 1.06	 95,200	
Comed	 $18.50	 $17.50	 $17.85	 - 1.55	 4,000	
Entergy	 $17.50	 $14.00	 $16.20	 - 3.09	 24,000	
Nepool	 $30.75	 $28.75	 $29.63	 + 1.46	 5,600	
Palo Verde	 $31.75	 $28.25	 $29.88	 + .19	 10,800	
PJM-West	 $25.00	 $24.25	 $24.57	 + 1.64	 44,800	
SP-15	 $32.50	 $30.00	 $30.86	 - .03	 6,400	
TVA	 $18.50	 $17.25	 $17.86	 - 1.34	 22,400	

Includes all trades done from 6 AM to 11 AM Central Prevailing Time on the trade date specified for financially firm power delivered during the on-peak hours (6 AM - 10 PM CPT for Eastern hubs / 6 AM - 10 PM Pacific Prevailing Time for Western hubs) on the delivery date(s) specified. 

IntercontinentalExchange is the world's most liquid trading platform for over-the-counter energy and metals.  Active markets include North American power and natural gas, global crude and refined oil products, and precious metals.  Traded instruments include forwards, swaps, and options. 

In order to receive the proprietary information contained in this email, you acknowledge and agree that you shall not further disseminate the IntercontinentalExchange Market Data contained herein to any person or entity without the express written consent of IntercontinentalExchange.   Furthermore, you acknowledge that (1) IntercontinentalExchange has exclusive and valuable property rights in this data; (2) IntercontinentalExchange's data is being made available to you only for your own business or personal activities; and (3) you cannot communicate the data, in any form, to any other person or entity without the express written consent of IntercontinentalExchange. 

This data is provided to you free of charge.  IntercontinentalExchange reserves the right to cancel this service at any time for any reason or no reason at all. 

You agree that IntercontinentalExchange does not make any representations or warranties, express or implied, with respect to the data. 

To become an Exchange Participant or inquire about the indices, please contact sales@intcx.com <mailto:sales@intcx.com>. 

To unsubscribe from this service, click here unsubscribe <http://www.intcx.com/subscribe.html>. 

?Copyright IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. 2001, All Rights Reserved. 

Hi Kristi

Hope things are going well. I got your email address from Andrea, who also told me you'd moved to Pittsburgh.  Enron implosion is in full progress and I think this week, we will be left with 30% of our original size.  On the gas power and trading, there are numerous groups who are trying to work out other opportunities, but we will have to wait and see.

Keep me posted on what you are upto.

Harry
 

Thanks Andrea

Hey Harry!

I wanted to get you Kristi DeMaiolo's information before things started getting crazy today.  

Take care!

Andrea

kristide2001@yahoo.com

Jeanie 

I have a couple of questions of you, when you get a chance, can you give me a call.  Nothing significant, call me when you get a chance.

Harry

harry,
 i am a senior partner at heidrick & struggles responsible for our hedge
fund business. will you please call me asap.  thanks
caroline

Caroline B. Ballantine
Partner
Heidrick & Struggles - Chicago office
O - 312/496-1790
F - 312/496-1049
E - cballantine@heidrick.com

 
Hi Harry:
 
It was nice talking to you on Saturday and I am sorry I was a bit brief as we had to load up our stuff in the UHaul truck and move that day. We are now in NJ at my sister's place. My new contact details are 
 
Harnek Minhas
116 Rico Drive N
Morganville, NJ 07751
Tel: 732-591 5597
      732-591-2662
 
I'll give you a call one of these days and we will chat. Let me know when you are coming to NJ. We should get together.
 
harnek

3:30 at Starbucks on West gray

Were you looking for me ?

 

 
Hello Harry,
 
With all this news about Enron in the news lately, I couldn't help but think about you.  Are you still there on one of the unfortunate ones?
 
Brian Scholte
bscholte@email.com <mailto:bscholte@email.com>

 
 

 
Hello Harry,
 
With all this news about Enron in the news lately, I couldn't help but think about you.  Are you still there on one of the unfortunate ones?
 
Brian Scholte
bscholte@email.com <mailto:bscholte@email.com>

11:45 at La Griglia (on West Gray) ?

Sounds good.  11:30?

Ben

You want to go get lunch ?

Whats your cell #?  I think I gave Mike Cyrus your home #.  I talked with him last night and he was going to give you a call.  Lets you and me try and talk today.  I have some material about these guys that you will appreciate.
Ben

Hi Harpreet,

testing email id. pls acknowledge receipt.

Thanks
Gurdeep Kaur 
Global Messaging Services (Lucent)
*            gkaur1@lucent.com
Phone	(732)949-6106

 
 <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y=nEee0B58Ml0CKo0Syz0Ab> 

	Dear Reader,

 <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y=nEee0B58Ml0CKo0Syz0Ab>	  <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y=nEee0B58Ml0CKo0Syz0Ab>	
You have been selected to receive 2 free trial issues of the Far Eastern Economic Review <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y=nEee0B58Ml0CKo0Syz0Ab>, Asia's most authoritative business magazine. And when you subscribe now, you will enjoy a saving of up to 59% off our cover price, plus receive an A-max Digital Camera, absolutely free! 	 <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y=nEee0B58Ml0CKo0Syz0Ab>	
 <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y=nEee0B58Ml0CKo0Syz0Ab>	 Every week, the Review breaks new ground with business and political insights that give you a powerful edge in doing business in Asia. Don't miss the opportunity to take up this time-limited special offer now!  <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y=nEee0B58Ml0CKo0Syz0Ab>	
 <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y=nEee0B58Ml0CKo0Syz0Ab>	  <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y=nEee0B58Ml0CKo0Syz0Ab>	
	China is changing fast and opportunities abound, but only for those who have access to, and understand the ongoing impact these changes will have on doing business in China. Now Review correspondents unearth news and insights to provide a comprehensive weekly briefing - this is a must-read for anyone doing business in or with China!

 <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y=nEee0B58Ml0CKo0Syz0Ab>	  <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y=nEee0B58Ml0CKo0Syz0Ab>	
	If you subscribe now, you'll receive two complimentary issues of the Review, plus an A-max Digital Camera, absolutely free! You will also enjoy a saving of up to 59% off our cover price when you subscribe. Otherwise, the two free issues are yours to keep.

Take advantage of this very special offer now! For your free issues or to subscribe, please click here <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flo?y=nEee0B58Ml0CKo0Syz0Ab>.	

	Yours sincerely,

  <http://awsj.com.hk/email/nextmove2/Philip_Revzin.gif>

Philip Revzin
Publisher
Far Eastern Economic Review 

  <http://awsj.com.hk/email/nextmove2/dowjones_black.gif>	
	
If you do not wish to receive email from us in the future, please send a blank email to unsubscribe@pmail.feer.com <mailto:unsubscribe@pmail.feer.com>

  <http://pmail.feer.com/cgi-bin7/flosensing?y=Eee0B58Ml0CKoU>

THE LIGHTHOUSE
"Enlightening Ideas for Public Policy..."
Vol. 3, Issue 51
December 24, 2001

IN THIS WEEK'S ISSUE:
1. Defunct "Stimulus" Package Is Uncle Sam's Unintended Gift
2. Ode to John Ashcroft and Civil Liberties
3. A Christmas Reflection
4. More Year-end Giving Tips -- plus a Bonus!

Welcome to The Lighthouse, the e-mail newsletter of The Independent 
Institute, the non-politicized, public policy research organization 
<http://www.independent.org>. If you know someone who would enjoy THE 
LIGHTHOUSE, please forward this issue. If they like it, they can add 
themselves to the list at 
http://www.independent.org/tii/lighthouse/Lighthouse.html.

DEFUNCT "STIMULUS" PACKAGE IS UNCLE SAM'S UNINTENDED GIFT

Uncle Sam sent taxpayers an unexpected gift last week: an economic 
"stimulus" package that never made it off Capitol Hill.

Many economists, critical of the proposed government spending 
increases, have pointed out that the economy had already started to 
show signs of recovery anyway. Other critics correctly point out that 
the "stimulus" had enough pork to keep special-interest groups 
hibernating high on the hog till next winter.

There is, however, another reason to have frowned at Washington's 
"stimulus" proposals and to rejoice at their demise. Government 
"stimulus" packages are not, as environmentalists might say, 
"sustainable." They merely crowd out or postpone increases in private 
investment -- the fuel of economic recovery. And when a government 
"stimulus" is financed by inflation, it tends to undermine the source 
of that fuel: capital formation.

This holiday season we can thank Congress for its inability to agree 
to "help" the economy. But, unfortunately, we're still haunted with 
visions of Christmas past, when bad legislation has gone back to 
conference committees only to be return as even worse legislation.

Too bad Washington, DC, doesn't have a "no returns" policy.

For more on the economic benefits of political gridlock, see "Divided 
We Stand, United We Fall," by Richard Vedder, senior research fellow 
at The Independent Institute, at 
http://www.independent.org/tii/news/9712Vedder.html.

Also see, "Is Macroeconomics Believable?" by Ben W. Bolch (THE 
INDEPENDENT REVIEW, Spring 1998), at 
http://www.independent.org/tii/content/pubs/review/TIR24_bolch.html.

ODE TO JOHN ASHCROFT AND CIVIL LIBERTIES

So long as Americans have freedom of speech, there is hope that the 
flame of liberty will remain lit. In that spirit, we offer the 
following ditty posted on the website of The Nonviolence Web.

    "Ode to John Ashcroft and Civil Liberties"
    (Sung to the tune of "Santa Claus is Coming to Town")

    You better watch out,
    You better not pout,
    You better not cry.
    I'm telling you why.
    John ashcroft's coming to town.

    He sees you with your lawyer.
    He listens to every phone;
    He reads everyone's email,
    and he locks you all alone.

    With little tin guns
    And tiny cellphones
    Rooty hoot, hoot, he's breaking in homes,
    Big Brother is coming to town.

    He knows when you are traveling.
    He knows who you're around;
    Tried in military courtrooms,
    Not a lawyer can be found.

    He's makin' a list,
    and checking for race,
    Gonna arrest those who are dark of face.
    Big Brother's coming to town.

    You better watch out,
    You better not pout,
    You better not cry.
    I'm telling you why.
    Big Brother's coming to town.

See http://www.independent.org/tii/lighthouse/LHLink3-51-1.html.

Also see:

"Looking Who's Looking," by Ron Gurantz, (10/22/01), at
http://www.independent.org/tii/news/011022Gurantz.html.

"Watching You: Federal Surveillance of Ordinary Americans," by 
Charlotte Twight (THE INDEPENDENT REVIEW, Fall 1999)
http://independent.org/tii/content/pubs/review/TIR42Twight.html.

"Conning Congress: Privacy and the 1994 Commuications Assistance for 
Law Enforcement Act," by Charlotte Twight (THE INDEPENDENT REVIEW, 
Fall 2001)
http://www.independent.org/tii/content/pubs/review/tir62_twight.html.

A CHRISTMAS REFLECTION

Christmas, a holiday rooted in both Christianity and pre-Christian 
celebrations of the winter solstice, is also an appropriate time to 
reflect upon the secular values that have helped Western civilization 
over the course of two tumultuous millennia. Among these values: 
freedom of conscience, peace on Earth, and goodwill toward men.

These values transcend any particular religion; they are in fact 
articulated in varying degrees by most of the world's religions. Yet 
they have found their fullest expression in the West. Why?

Because in Western culture more than in any other, the individual counts.

"This empowerment of the individual is unique to Western 
civilization," writes Paul Craig Roberts.

And it is this individualist precept -- respect for the dignity and 
worth of each human life -- that holds the key to understanding the 
unique institutions of the West.

The West's individualism, writes Roberts, "permits an individual 
person to put his or her foot down, to take a stand on principle, to 
become a reformer and take on injustice.... It has made the 
individual a citizen equal in rights to all other citizens, protected 
from tyrannical government by the rule of law and free speech."

Just as freedom in the West has unleashed in the marketplace the 
progressive forces of what one economist termed "creative 
destruction," so freedom in the West has unleashed a similar 
phenomenon in the marketplace of ideas. This perhaps is the West's 
supreme paradox (and achievement) -- its tradition of questioning 
even tradition itself.

Concludes Roberts: "Be we religious or be we not, our celebration of 
Christ's birthday celebrates a religion that made us masters of our 
souls and of our political life on Earth. Such a religion as this is 
worth holding onto even by atheists."

See "The Greatest Gift," by Paul Craig Roberts (12/19/01), at 
http://www.independent.org/tii/lighthouse/LHLink3-51-2.html

Also see, "The Drama of Western Identity," by David Gress (THE 
INDEPENDENT REVIEW, Winter 2000) at 
http://independent.org/tii/content/pubs/review/TIR43Gress.html, and 
"Freedom of Religion and Public Schooling," by James Otterson (THE 
INDEPENDENT REVIEW, Spring 2000) at 
http://www.independent.org/tii/content/pubs/review/TIR44Otteson.html.

MORE YEAR-END GIVING TIPS -- PLUS A BONUS!

Last week's LIGHTHOUSE item regarding making a year-end contribution 
inadvertently omitted the qualifier *federal* taxes in discussing the 
tax ramifications of gifting stock.  As state and local tax codes can 
have varying provisions, be sure to check these -- and, as always, 
with your own tax adviser -- prior to making a charitable gift 
decision involving stock.

Remember, there are still seven days in which to take advantage of 
possible savings off of your 2001 taxes by giving to The Independent 
Institute.  Your support will help us continue producing our popular, 
weekly, e-mail newsletter, THE LIGHTHOUSE, as well as pursuing 
innovative and path-breaking solutions to today's pressing 
challenges.  If you've already made a gift this year, your expanded 
support with an additional year-end bonus contribution will help fuel 
even greater efforts.

You may mail a check dated prior to the end of the year, or call, 
email, or fax us your credit card number and amount of donation you 
wish to make.  For further information on the benefits from various 
Independent Associate Membership levels, please visit the following: 
http://www.independent.org/tii/tii_info/associat.html.

If you prefer to give using securities, it's easy to do so via an 
electronic transfer.  Call, fax or e-mail us for easy instructions on 
doing so.

Again, contributions to The Independent Institute are tax-deductible 
to the extent allowable by law, and are used to further efforts to 
expand the benefits of a free society.  Plus, as our gift to you, 
with your membership of $100 or more, you will receive a FREE copy of 
one of the following new Independent Institute books, American Health 
Care, Can Teachers Own Their Own Schools?, Cutting Green Tape, Fire & 
Smoke, or Writing Off Ideas (please specify).
For further information about giving to The Independent Institute and 
to select your Free book, please visit:
http://www.independent.org/tii/tii_info/associat.html

Thank you again for your support!

For previous issues of THE LIGHTHOUSE, see
http://www.independent.org/tii/lighthouse/Lighthouse.html.

For information on books and other publications from The Independent 
Institute, see http://www.independent.org/tii/pubs.html.

THE LIGHTHOUSE, edited by Carl P. Close, is made possible by the 
generous contributions of supporters of The Independent Institute. To 
subscribe (or unsubscribe) to The Lighthouse, please go to 
http://www.independent.org/subscribe.html, choose "subscribe" (or 
"unsubscribe"), enter your e-mail address and select "Go."

THE LIGHTHOUSE
ISSN 1526-173X
Copyright ? 2001 The Independent Institute
100 Swan Way
Oakland, CA 94621-1428
(510) 632-1366 phone
(510) 568-6040 fax

Mark Schindler
Director
Wachovia Securities
Corporate & Investment Banking
212-891-5003
646 734 6954
mark.schindler@wachovia.com

Max

I am glad you liked the presentation.

I had a look at the tool-kit - I think it is a good brief description of various products.  I did forward your email to Iris Mack and she might be able to provide you further input on that. She is also available as a resource (as a derivatives specialist) to analyze clients risk and provide solutions.

I would be more than happy to discuss any specific client situations you have and what we could offer to them. Would be happy to sit down and discuss more stuff with you if you are interested.

Harry

Hi Harry,

I heard you speak yesterday at the originator's meeting.  It was rather interesting.  I took the Derivatives 2 course a few weeks ago and they went into the complexities of options trading.  It was cool stuff.  I'd like to know more about options trading and I hope that you can recommend some good sources or books.  I'd appreciate any info you could pass on.  

Also, I'm putting together an "Originator's Toolkit" which consists of the various financial products that the originators and mid marketers could offer to customers.  I'm attaching a list of option based products that I have put together so far.  I'd be grateful if you could take a minute, read through it, and let me know if there are any additional option products that I should include.  I want to make sure the toolkit has as many useful products as possible.

Thanks so much,
Max

   << File: Products-Options.doc >> 

Hello from Amazon.com.

We wanted to let you know that we're experiencing a delay
with the following item:
    
  Masami Saionji "The Golden Key to Happiness : Words of Guidance and 
	Wisdom"
    Item delayed 4-6 weeks.

To approve this delay or to cancel this item from your order, please
go to:

  http://www.amazon.com/o/availability-approval/2BWVKRATKZGNWH

If we have not received your approval or cancellation by 11/21/01,
we will still try to obtain and ship this item before that date;
otherwise, we will automatically cancel the item for you on that date.

If clicking the above link doesn't seem to work, you can copy and 
paste the link into your browser's address window, or retype it there.

We apologize for any inconvenience caused by this delay.

Thanks for shopping at Amazon.com, and we hope to see you again!

Sincerely,

Customer Service Department
Amazon.com
http://www.amazon.com
Earth's Biggest Selection

Sure. That should be fun. Anything we can bring ?

Harry

 << File: haloween_invite.doc >> 

Stacey
 
What is this dual trigger option - can you give me some background on this one ?
 
 
Harry
 

FYI -
 
Jennifer Stevenson at Andersen may be calling you all to try and verify something to assist us with our dual trigger accounting arguments.  We have been trying to prove to Andersen that the value in the dual trigger option lies more in the price volatility than the physical plant outage.  AA was perplexed by the approximate 50% margin on these deals.  Larry Marcus pointed out to them that this isn't any different than an out of the money call option which would also typically generate a 50% margin.  They believe that it will greatly help our argument if they can verify with a trader that this is true.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.
 
Mary
 

David Hoog recommends that Jennifer and Patty talk with Harry Aurora.  K

 
 
 
 
if a call option is way out of the money, such as the ones we purchased last summer, the premium is a multiple of the "expected" payout.  a trader may not respond well to the term "margin" because they dont calculate it. as an example, if the midmarket value for a $100 power call is $2.50, and a $500 call is expected to pay 40% as much, a trader would offer this illiquid instrument for $2, which would be like a 50% margin.  one problem with this analogy is that expected value of payout is frequently much lower than the midmarket because there are very few arbitrageurs in this market who can really take advantage of that.  this example does support the statement, but a trader will not think about it the same way.  they will not call this extreme vol smile on illiquid products a high margin.  harry arora would be the trader to talk to.

Patty Grutzmacher and Jennifer Stevenson (both Andersen) were scheduled to review our pricing model with Tom Bauer (Andersen partner) this week.  Due to issues relating to the Enron shareholders' lawsuit,  Tom could not meet with them.   Patty and Jennifer did have further discussions with Amitava and Vasant.   They are all right with the model.
 
Larry - 
Patty / Jennifer want to confirm your statement that a 50% margin on an out-of-the-money call option is not unusual.  They have asked Stacey White (Director of Power Risk Mgmt) to recommend a power trader with whom they can talk.  If you know of a person you would like them to talk with, please let me know.
 
Mary Cilia (transaction support) has asked Jennifer and Patty not to push the issue with Tom Bauer until he is in a more receptive mood.  We are still anticipating a resolution this quarter.   I will continue to keep you informed.  
 

Karin Williams

713-345-8026 
713-594-4978 (cell phone) 

 

Sure

FYI -
 
Jennifer Stevenson at Andersen may be calling you all to try and verify something to assist us with our dual trigger accounting arguments.  We have been trying to prove to Andersen that the value in the dual trigger option lies more in the price volatility than the physical plant outage.  AA was perplexed by the approximate 50% margin on these deals.  Larry Marcus pointed out to them that this isn't any different than an out of the money call option which would also typically generate a 50% margin.  They believe that it will greatly help our argument if they can verify with a trader that this is true.  Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks.
 
Mary
 

David Hoog recommends that Jennifer and Patty talk with Harry Aurora.  K

 
 
 
 
if a call option is way out of the money, such as the ones we purchased last summer, the premium is a multiple of the "expected" payout.  a trader may not respond well to the term "margin" because they dont calculate it. as an example, if the midmarket value for a $100 power call is $2.50, and a $500 call is expected to pay 40% as much, a trader would offer this illiquid instrument for $2, which would be like a 50% margin.  one problem with this analogy is that expected value of payout is frequently much lower than the midmarket because there are very few arbitrageurs in this market who can really take advantage of that.  this example does support the statement, but a trader will not think about it the same way.  they will not call this extreme vol smile on illiquid products a high margin.  harry arora would be the trader to talk to.

Patty Grutzmacher and Jennifer Stevenson (both Andersen) were scheduled to review our pricing model with Tom Bauer (Andersen partner) this week.  Due to issues relating to the Enron shareholders' lawsuit,  Tom could not meet with them.   Patty and Jennifer did have further discussions with Amitava and Vasant.   They are all right with the model.
 
Larry - 
Patty / Jennifer want to confirm your statement that a 50% margin on an out-of-the-money call option is not unusual.  They have asked Stacey White (Director of Power Risk Mgmt) to recommend a power trader with whom they can talk.  If you know of a person you would like them to talk with, please let me know.
 
Mary Cilia (transaction support) has asked Jennifer and Patty not to push the issue with Tom Bauer until he is in a more receptive mood.  We are still anticipating a resolution this quarter.   I will continue to keep you informed.  
 

Karin Williams

713-345-8026 
713-594-4978 (cell phone) 

 

 
Lets work with these curves. Ignore my comments in the fourth column.

Harry

Am on my way. See ya in a few.

Harry

Sounds good!

11:45 at La Griglia (on West Gray) ?

Sounds good.  11:30?

Ben

You want to go get lunch ?

Whats your cell #?  I think I gave Mike Cyrus your home #.  I talked with him last night and he was going to give you a call.  Lets you and me try and talk today.  I have some material about these guys that you will appreciate.
Ben

I left a message for Greg, that we'd be prepared to show a 3$ bid if that includes capacity.  I did underline the point that we are not too excited to buy but nevertheless will show an indicative bid.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Harry

Harry,
I'm not sure if you've had a chance to talk to Kevin yet, but Greg just sent this to me.
Give me a call/email if you want to talk it over with me.
Thanks,

Brandon Cavazos
Brandon:

Any word from Harry on the Entergy bid?

Also, what do we have on the NEPOOL stuff, anything yet?  If not, I would appreciate a guess as to time frame.

Thanks, 

Greg

TJae

Can you mark me down for a half day (sick day) for today. Was feeling terri=
ble this morning.

Harry

Please mark your calendar for a mandatory staff meeting with Kevin Presto t=
omorrow, Oct. 24th from 4- 5pm in room 30c1.

Thanks=20

T.Jae Black
East Power Trading
Assistant to Kevin Presto
off. 713-853-5800
fax 713-646-8272
cell 713-539-4760

Cathy

Tried calling you earlier today but looks like there is something wrong with your phone (x34049).  Unfortunately I will not be able to make it tomorrow , but my colleague Doug Smith (3-9310) who runs our Ercot trading group has agreed to take my spot. 

I told him this was for 2 hours. Can you give me a call and let him know the details. I did give Doug my folder.

Thanks

Harry

Roland and David

I am attaching the Enron response to your RFP of October 4, 2001.  This proposal is indicative and confidential.  We would be most pleased to discuss this proposal or other approaches/modifications with you.

thank you

Woody

 

Harry,

I have enclosed the revised call option pricing with the vol. curves you requested for your review.  If you have any questions, please feel free to call either Rahul or myself.

Thank you,

Karla

 

wow

So does this mean we're back in business???
:) Jeff
============================================================
Enron Names Jeff McMahon Chief Financial Officer 

October 24, 2001 16:15:00 (ET)

HOUSTON, Oct 24, 2001 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- Enron Corp. (ENE </cgi-bin/gx.cgi/AppLogic+ResearchStock?cmenu=DetQ&prod=ENE:US:EQ>, Trade </cgi-bin/gx.cgi/AppLogic+OrderForm?Symbol=ENE>) announced today that it has named Jeff McMahon chief financial officer. McMahon had been serving as chairman and CEO of Enron's Industrial Markets group. From 1998 to 2000, McMahon was Enron's treasurer. 
"Jeff has unparalleled qualifications and a deep and thorough understanding of Enron," said Kenneth L. Lay, Enron chairman and CEO. "He has the trust and confidence of our investors and financial institutions." 
Andrew Fastow, previously Enron's CFO, will be on a leave of absence from the company. "In my continued discussions with the financial community, it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace Andy as CFO," Lay said. 
McMahon, 40, joined Enron in 1994 and spent three years in the London office as chief financial officer for Enron's European operations. Upon returning to the United States, McMahon was executive vice president of finance and treasurer for Enron Corp. In 2000, he was named president and chief operating officer of Enron Net Works, where he had responsibility for Enron's e-commerce activities. 
McMahon has a bachelor's degree in business from the University of Richmond in Virginia. He is a Certified Public Accountant, SFA registered and is a member of the American Institute of Public Accountants and Association of Corporate Treasurers. 

Congrats Jeff

I dont think there could be anyone better and more capable  to take this challenging position. Good luck.

Harry

Teresa

CMS Trading is unable to trade on my option numbers. The trader there is Lingard Fitch (not sure if I am spelling his name right). Could you pls followup on this one.

Harry

Whats going on dude ? Where are you headed ? Are you in town or leaving Hou.  Give me a call when you get a chance. 713-853-6750 and home is 713-802-0560. Good luck on your new endeavor.

Harry Arora

All,

It has been my pleasure to work with you all in my wonderful years at Enron. I will be leaving Enron today. I wish you all continued success. Please feel free to contact me at the following email address:

klee3208@yahoo.com

Sincerely,

Ken

I could do 3rd November or 1st December, which ever you'd like.

Harry

 << File: ENA Participation.xls >> 
All,

The below Analyst & Associate recruiting dates require ENA participation at Manager level at above.   In order to resource each of your departments it is important to have ENA's involvement and participation in the interviews and debrief sessions on Fantastic Friday and Super Saturday events.     These de-brief sessions will allow you the opportunity to select candidates you wish to join your groups.  The target  is to assign potential candidates to business units and departments from the outset.

As ENA has the highest percentage of A&A rotating in its business unit, the participation of ENA at interview should reflect this.     Therefore, please encourage your direct reports and managers to participate in the below events in order to secure candidates for your business area.

Associate Recruiting:		Saturday November 3						Total - 70 Candidates for Interview
Analyst Recruiting:		Friday, November 16						Total - 70 Candidates for Interivew
Associate Recruiting:		Saturday, December 1						Total - 70 Candidates for Interview

The above spreadsheet represents ENA's particpation today which I believe highlights the need for much additional support in these efforts.

Please confirm by return participation of your respective groups.

Regards,

Karen Buckley
HR - ENA

Frank

I was on vacation last week. Feel free to stop by anytime. Would be happy to be of any help.

Harry

Harry, 
We are currently trying to stress some options that are Enpower to determine sensitivity to changes in price, vols or time.  Can I grab you a few moments to discuss.
Frank

Iris

what is the difference between this spark spread function call and the one =
being used in the spreadsheets we use ?

Harry

 << File: CrackSpreadOptions.xls >>=20

Hi Slava,

=09Paulo says you have some questions about what we're doing with spark spr=
eads.

=09He did not give me any specifics as to what you needed.  Give me at call=
 at X3-6711 for more details.

=09In the mean time, I have been developing exotic options modules/tutorial=
s for the power trading floor.  One of the modules is on spark spreads  - p=
lease see attached file.

=09
Regards,
Iris

Iris:
I think you are the expert on how we are trading spark spreads (if we are d=
oing any). Slava wants to know more about it. I appreciate if you contact h=
im directly.=20
Many Thanks.
Paulo Issler

Paulo,

thank you very much.=20
we will look at all your work.

just to remind you on spark spread options.

many thanks,

Slava

Slava:
Here are the files related to the models I mentioned in our phone coversati=
on.

FwdFwd Vols:

Here is a spreadshet implementing a technique for calculating fwd fwd volat=
ilities for seasonal vol curves. The approach avoids the issue of geting ne=
gative fwd fwd variances when using the traditional approach. It makes nece=
ssary, however, to develop a specific fwd fwd vol curve for each contract m=
onth.=20

Here is how it works:
=091) Create a variance curve: Var =3D vol*vol*(Ti-t)
=092) Fit a desoasonalized curve with functional form: y =3D a*(tb)?=093) c=
alculate fwd-fwd variances for the desoasonal curve:?=094) Calculate fwd-fw=
d vols for each month by multiplying the ?=09    fwd-fwd variance curve by =
a factor equal to:?=09=09=09SQRT(Var(Contract Month)/Var(fit))??? << File: =
FwdFwd.xls >> ?I implemented a C code for calculating that. This, with the =
omicron vols may be used to model the gas curve evolution in a HJM framewor=
k.?? << File: fwdfwd.c >>  << File: FwdFwdw.c >> ??Swing Options:?Here is t=
he code and documentation for the swing option:?? << File: XLCALL32.LIB >> =
 << File: bico.c >>  << File: factln.c >>  << File: FRAMEWRK.C >>  << File:=
 FRAMEWRK.H >>  << File: FSSwing.c >>  << File: FSSwingOpt.c >>  << File: F=
XSwing.c >>  << File: FXSwingOpt.c >>  << File: gammln.c >>  << File: Inter=
polate.c >>  << File: nrutil.c >>  << File: nrutil.h >>  << File: SwingOpt.=
def >>  << File: SwingOptW.c >>  << File: SwingW.c >>  << File: XLCALL.H >>=
  << File: Bdt.c >>  << File: Swing Model.doc >> ?Here are the spreadshets =
examples:?? << File: FSSwingOpt.xls >>  << File: FXSwingOpt.xls >> ?LookBac=
k:?Here is my implementation for the lookback option with fixed strike. It =
uses an analytical solution in which prices are sampled continiously over t=
ime. It still provides a good approximation for a discrete daily sampling:?=
? << File: XLCALL32.LIB >>  << File: Cumnorm.c >>  << File: framewrk.c >>  =
<< File: framewrk.h >>  << File: FxLKBK.c >>  << File: FxLKBK.def >>  << Fi=
le: Integration.c >>  << File: lkbkTEST.xls >>  << File: nrutil.c >>  << Fi=
le: nrutil.h >>  << File: put.c >>  << File: xFxLKBK.c >>  << File: XLCALL.=
H >>  << File: call.c >> ?Let me know if you got them all.?Give me a call w=
ith your questions/concerns.?Thanks.?Paulo Issler?

Greg
 
 
VOM - I think we did $2, Brandon should be able to confirm, I know it was 7x24, with 8 hour min run
Re size - our interest is atmost 250 MW
 
Capacity in the ECAR market is important from a reliability aspect.  For example we could sell totally synthetic tolls and they would not be as valuable as the toll  off a plant in the region. Thats where the capacity comes into play. Moreover as RTOs come in, there might be an explicit ICAP market for ECAR.
 
 
 
Harry
 
 
 
 

Harry:
 
Received your voice mail from last night.  Just to make sure I've got it right: bid is $3.00/Kw-mo; Heat Rate is 7,000.
 
Re: size - do we want 250MW, or more?
Re: VOM - is $2.00/MWh what we have in mind?
Re:  Availability - is it 7x24 or 5x16.
 
Didn't understand the comment on capacity.  If we've got the call, don't we also have the capacity?
 
Thanks,
 
Greg

Warren

I spoke to Pushkar Shahi and he would be happy to chat with you. His number is 713-853-9199. He trades lots of bonds, notes and eurodollars.  

Harry

=======================================
Jon and Warren at the CBOT                                        312-987-5970 or 800-547-3587, 312-347-5061 =======================================
This report has been prepared for informational purposes only. It does not constitute an offer, recommendation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities. It is based on information generally available to the public from sources believed to be reliable. No representation is made that the information is accurate or complete or that any returns indicated will be achieved. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Price and availability are subject to change without notice. Additional information is available upon request. =======================================

Mason

Did Rob make a price on the ANP. If not can we finalilze a price on this toll and give John Llodra a call.

Harry

Attached are the vol curves we are using.  Please look over them and let me know if you would like to change them.  

Thanks,

MRH

 << File: Vol Curve Info.xls >> 

Mason,

Harry would like to see the individual gas vols, power vols, and correlations used in your calc. Thanks.

Rob

Please review the attached update.  

Thanks,

MRH

   << File: ANP summary 011022.xls >>   

We got to check this one out - see how it works.

Harry

You are invited to attend the following presentation:=20

PSIM: A Power Simulation Tool

PSIM is a proprietary model developed by Enron Research Group.

?=09It takes Power, Gas, Weather and demand information into consideration =
and=20
=09uses Monte-Carlo simulation to assess the expected deal value and risk d=
istribution.=20
?=09It evaluates complex electricity related contracts such
as Full Requirement  and load following contract.=20
?=09It also provides a valuation tool for power assets and asset management=
 deals.
?=09It works for both deal specific or portfolio issues.

In this presentation we will show how the model can be used to deal with va=
rious types=20
of contracts, explain the model structure and point out further application=
s.=20

Date:=09=09October 30, 2001
Time: =094:00 pm
Location: =09EB5C2
Presenter: =09Alex Huang

Registration is required for a head count.=20
Please call Shirley Crenshaw at 3-5290 to register.

Pizza and soft drinks will be served.=20

Hi Darren
 
 
You sure did.  
 
The whole thing going around here just convinces me how the basic economics and business ideas work as they should.  They all loved us for nearly four years - we could not do anything wrong and now they hate everything about us. The investors and the street is silly and stupid.  While one should spend time looking for the next Microsoft, one should spend time looking for the next Enron.
 
As for the future,  I am neutral - we have a fair chance of pulling it through, though there are significant risks. If our strength is the intellectual captial - the traders and marketeres (you never hear the term franchise) - why would they hang out here for too long, the only thing holding them here is availability of capital and the tolerance of that capital to take risk.  Once the capital is gone, its hard to see the traders and deal makers stay. 
 
In the end, its  hard to say we will survive to be the biggest and baddest commodity trading house but we sure did pioneer it.
 
 
Harry
 
 
 
 
 
 

thought that would catch your attention. Just seeing how you are doing and what your view is on Enron cash liquidity these days...5 and 10 yr paper trades worse than junk. Hope you & Nicole are doing alright.
 
Rgds

Karen

Since I will be interviewing on Thursday, I'd like to have Rob Stalford, in my group (he is the option trader) to interview for the Associate / Analyst program on Saturday. Does that work ? Rob is a manager. Could you check for me .

Harry

All

A reminder that you are scheduled to interview for the Trading Track Thursday,  November 1st, from 2.00 pm onwards.   Resumes and schedules will be forwarded to you shortly.

Regards,

Karen Buckley

David/Robert,

Please find attached the form for requesting an accelerated distribution from the Enron 1994 Deferral Plan.  Also attached is a copy of the procedure for requesting such distribution.

Have a good day.

Renee

  

Greg, I would love to do that. My location is 3121.
 
 
Harry
 

Harry:
 
I'll be arriving in Houston later tonight and will be in town through Thursday.  If your schedule permits, I'd like to sit down with you to discuss some of the things I'm working on and to update you on the status of the TECO relationship.
 
Regards, Greg

	Rob

We need some-one from the trading desk to interview for associate analyst program. You may not be particularly excited, but I did suggest your name for the Super saturday on Nov 3rd.  Hope you can work it in your schedule. If it does not work for you, lets chat about it tomorrow.

Harry

Dave 

I had a great time last evening.  Do you have a personal email address ?

Harry

Karen

I suggested Rob  take my position on Saturday, looks like instead of replacing my spot with him, you just added him. Could you pls take me off ?

Harry

All,

The following is the particpation list for ENA on Saturday's Associate recruiting event.      There are 70 candidates coming in to interview and there is still a requirment for another 40 interviewers.     Please encourage your direct reports to participate and advise as soon as possible.    

Regards,

Karen
ENA - HR

November 3rd, 2001 - Participation from ENA.

Harry	Arora	ENA	VP	36750	
Ruth	Concannon	ENA	Director	31667	
David 	Forster	ENA	VP	31861	
John	House	ENA	Mgr.	37558	
Rahil	Jafry	ENA	Director	33206	
Oliver	Jones	ENA	Mgr.	51640	
Jim	Meyn	ENA	Director	53223	
John	Moore	ENA	Director	35774	
Rob	Stalford	ENA	Mgr.	36768	
Lloyd 	Will	ENA	Director	33383	

 << File: ENA Participation.xls >> 
All,

The below Analyst & Associate recruiting dates require ENA participation at Manager level at above.   In order to resource each of your departments it is important to have ENA's involvement and participation in the interviews and debrief sessions on Fantastic Friday and Super Saturday events.     These de-brief sessions will allow you the opportunity to select candidates you wish to join your groups.  The target  is to assign potential candidates to business units and departments from the outset.

As ENA has the highest percentage of A&A rotating in its business unit, the participation of ENA at interview should reflect this.     Therefore, please encourage your direct reports and managers to participate in the below events in order to secure candidates for your business area.

Associate Recruiting:		Saturday November 3						Total - 70 Candidates for Interview
Analyst Recruiting:		Friday, November 16						Total - 70 Candidates for Interivew
Associate Recruiting:		Saturday, December 1						Total - 70 Candidates for Interview

The above spreadsheet represents ENA's particpation today which I believe highlights the need for much additional support in these efforts.

Please confirm by return participation of your respective groups.

Regards,

Karen Buckley
HR - ENA

Woody

Did this include any ICAP ? Do we have any idea of who is bidding that one ? I think we need to frame a reverse RFP on this one to see if we could get some-one to buy 4.50$ without the congestion.

Harry
 

Here is the feedback ....

they got 12 responses and shortlisted four
We were number 10 or 11 on the list  (our fixed was 3.75, with 1.50 floating and $500 per unit start charge for 5 yrs, 3 - GE LM 6000)
winning bid was over $5 - I am guessing around $5.50
they think their congestion premium should be around $1 

hope to get more information in the near future

thanks

Woody

Sure
 

How does 3:30 today sound?

Greg, I would love to do that. My location is 3121.
 
 
Harry
 

Harry:
 
I'll be arriving in Houston later tonight and will be in town through Thursday.  If your schedule permits, I'd like to sit down with you to discuss some of the things I'm working on and to update you on the status of the TECO relationship.
 
Regards, Greg

Karen

Just to confirm, I am not doing these interviews.

Harry

All,

You are all confirmed as interviewers for the Trading Track -  November 1st.    We have 33 candidates to be interviewed (a combination of both internal and external candidates).   You will each receive your resumes tomorrow and interview location information (as before it will take place at the Allen Center).  

The interviews will commence at 2.00 pm and finish at 5.:30.   A de-brief, will follow directly afterwards at the Double Tree Hotel (Dover Room) where you will decide on those candidates to be hired into the ENA Trading Track.   Please allow 1/1.5 hours for the de-brief.

Regards,

Karen 
x54667

My mistake, I am good for Thursday.

Harry

I have you confirmed as doing the Track Track interviews... you are not however doing the Associate interviews on Saturday.

Karen.

Karen

Just to confirm, I am not doing these interviews.

Harry

All,

You are all confirmed as interviewers for the Trading Track -  November 1st.    We have 33 candidates to be interviewed (a combination of both internal and external candidates).   You will each receive your resumes tomorrow and interview location information (as before it will take place at the Allen Center).  

The interviews will commence at 2.00 pm and finish at 5.:30.   A de-brief, will follow directly afterwards at the Double Tree Hotel (Dover Room) where you will decide on those candidates to be hired into the ENA Trading Track.   Please allow 1/1.5 hours for the de-brief.

Regards,

Karen 
x54667

Hi Roy
 
 
Good to hear from you.  I am glad to hear things are going well. This consolidation in the markets and the economy has been quite severe. I can tell you it has not been fun working with a 50 multiple company either as the p/e contracts to 7.  But nevertheless this had been interesting times.  
 
We ramped down DealBench in good time. It was a good decision and precipitated some good thinking. Practically, everyone moved out of ecommerce. Its just crazy when you think how things were 18 months ago. . Power trading has been immensely interesting. I am running the options desk and we have had a decent year.  Energy trading is fascinating and coupled with my macro background from bond trading,it becomes lot of fun.
 
Say hi to Loreli. Do let me have your Hong Kong phone number.
 
 
Harry
 
 
 
 
 

Hi Harry,
 
Just wanted to say hi.  I saw Miguel Vasquez lately and I heard from him that you moved back to trading.  Since I left Enron, I've done Telecom banking for a year in Asia with Lehman.   In that group, I've done a lot of valuation and financial analyses.   Deal flow suffered in the telecom industry with the downturn in market conditions.  On my second year at Lehman, I seized the opportunity to do coverage banking, i.e. winning clients in the Philippines and Taiwan.  With this step, I was fortunate to lead an M&A deal in the consumer goods sector.  It also gave me exposure in energy and financial institutions.   Thanks to my Enron background, I actually showed my value added to Lehman in energy.
 
It pays to be a generalist in times like this.  The layoffs in banking has been severe.   I have survived so far a big reduction among people of my level.  Good thing I still got a raise this year as many did not.  I don't know about the long term prospects of investment banking but I am thankful that I have a job.  Recently I caught up with my b-school friends in San Francisco and found out that it is equally bad there. Coincidentally, I caught up with a friend of mine who interviewed with Madhur Dayal who know works with Thomas Weisel in San Francisco.
 
My wife, Loreli, was able to find a job at the South China Morning Post last July.  So far, we are both enjoying Hong Kong.  Long term though, I believe the U.S. makes sense for both of us.  
 
Hope everything is going well with you.  Please let me know if you just happen to be in Hong Kong.
 
Best regards,
 
Roy

  _____  

Get more from the Web. FREE MSN Explorer download : <http://explorer.msn.com>

 
Hi Harry,
 
Just wanted to say hi.  I saw Miguel Vasquez lately and I heard from him that you moved back to trading.  Since I left Enron, I've done Telecom banking for a year in Asia with Lehman.   In that group, I've done a lot of valuation and financial analyses.   Deal flow suffered in the telecom industry with the downturn in market conditions.  On my second year at Lehman, I seized the opportunity to do coverage banking, i.e. winning clients in the Philippines and Taiwan.  With this step, I was fortunate to lead an M&A deal in the consumer goods sector.  It also gave me exposure in energy and financial institutions.   Thanks to my Enron background, I actually showed my value added to Lehman in energy.
 
It pays to be a generalist in times like this.  The layoffs in banking has been severe.   I have survived so far a big reduction among people of my level.  Good thing I still got a raise this year as many did not.  I don't know about the long term prospects of investment banking but I am thankful that I have a job.  Recently I caught up with my b-school friends in San Francisco and found out that it is equally bad there. Coincidentally, I caught up with a friend of mine who interviewed with Madhur Dayal who know works with Thomas Weisel in San Francisco.
 
My wife, Loreli, was able to find a job at the South China Morning Post last July.  So far, we are both enjoying Hong Kong.  Long term though, I believe the U.S. makes sense for both of us.  
 
Hope everything is going well with you.  Please let me know if you just happen to be in Hong Kong.
 
Best regards,
 
Roy

  _____  

Get more from the Web. FREE MSN Explorer download : <http://explorer.msn.com>

> Enron Venture Capitalism
> You have two cows.
> You sell three of them to your publicly listed company, using letters of
> credit opened by your brother-in-law at the bank, then execute a debt/
> equity swap with an associated general offer so that you get all four cows
> back, with a tax exemption for five cows.  The milk rights of the six cows
> are transferred via an intermediary to a Cayman Island company secretly
> owned by the majority shareholder who sells the rights to all seven cows
> back to your listed company.  The annual report says the company owns
> eight cows, with an option on one more.
> 

Greg
 
1. Who made these prices ?
 
2. Is this a into TVA product
 
3. Is this a 3 yr starting 2003 they are asking for ?
 
4. How much size are they interested in ?
 
5. Is this a day ahead 5x16 (16 hour minimum) product or is there a 4hr/8hr min ?
 
 
Harry
 
 
 
 
 
 

Harry and Brandon:
 
Apparently, we are not as competitive as we need to be here.  Let me know if there's anything we can do here to make this more attractive.  My quote to them is at the bottom of the thread.

Greg:

We have completed our evaluation of the two proposed structures (1) May

through September and (2) June through August for a three year duration

beginning in 2003.  Unfortunately, based on the prices quoted below, neither

evaluates well enough that we would want to pursue any further.  We

appreciate your interest and remain interested in any future proposals you

may want to offer.

Regards,

Wayne Hilson

(4230 751-2916

Sent:   Tuesday, October 23, 2001 5:33 PM

Any idea on timing of a response?  Just curious.

    -----Original Message-----

   Sent:   Monday, October 15, 2001 4:06 PM

   Subject:  RE: Synthetic Peaker

   Thanks.

   We'll be in touch.

    -----Original Message-----

   Sent:   Monday, October 15, 2001 3:32 PM

   Subject:     Synthetic Peaker

   Wayne:

   May 1 through Sep 30:  $5.83/kw-mo

   Jun 1 through Aug 31:  $8.78/kw/mo

   Heat Rate:   10,900

   VOM:         $1.63/MWh

   Term:        3 years

   Start:       2003

   Availability:     5x16

   Delivery:    Into TVA

   Regards, Greg

   **********************************************************************

   This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate

   and

   may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the

   intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by

   others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or

   authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or

   reply

   to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete

   all

   copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not

   intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence

   a

   binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its

   affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not

   be

   relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.

   Thank you.

   **********************************************************************

 
Harry:  In response to your questions:
 
1.  Brandon put together the indicative, off the spread option model.
2.  Yes, this is into TVA
3.  Yes, it is for a three-year period commencing in '03
4.  Size is 200 MW
5.  Dispatch is day-ahead w/16 hour minimum.
 
I copied Brandon on this so he can follow the entire thread and respond to you or assist you, as necessary.

Greg
 
1. Who made these prices ?
 
2. Is this a into TVA product
 
3. Is this a 3 yr starting 2003 they are asking for ?
 
4. How much size are they interested in ?
 
5. Is this a day ahead 5x16 (16 hour minimum) product or is there a 4hr/8hr min ?
 
 
Harry
 
 
 
 
 
 

Harry and Brandon:
 
Apparently, we are not as competitive as we need to be here.  Let me know if there's anything we can do here to make this more attractive.  My quote to them is at the bottom of the thread.

Greg:

We have completed our evaluation of the two proposed structures (1) May

through September and (2) June through August for a three year duration

beginning in 2003.  Unfortunately, based on the prices quoted below, neither

evaluates well enough that we would want to pursue any further.  We

appreciate your interest and remain interested in any future proposals you

may want to offer.

Regards,

Wayne Hilson

(4230 751-2916

Sent:   Tuesday, October 23, 2001 5:33 PM

Any idea on timing of a response?  Just curious.

    -----Original Message-----

   Sent:   Monday, October 15, 2001 4:06 PM

   Subject:  RE: Synthetic Peaker

   Thanks.

   We'll be in touch.

    -----Original Message-----

   Sent:   Monday, October 15, 2001 3:32 PM

   Subject:     Synthetic Peaker

   Wayne:

   May 1 through Sep 30:  $5.83/kw-mo

   Jun 1 through Aug 31:  $8.78/kw/mo

   Heat Rate:   10,900

   VOM:         $1.63/MWh

   Term:        3 years

   Start:       2003

   Availability:     5x16

   Delivery:    Into TVA

   Regards, Greg

   **********************************************************************

   This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate

   and

   may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the

   intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by

   others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or

   authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or

   reply

   to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete

   all

   copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not

   intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence

   a

   binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its

   affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not

   be

   relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.

   Thank you.

   **********************************************************************

Shaka man

Hope you are having a good time.  Things did indeed move out of control sooner than anyone could have imagined.  Its been one heck of an experience watching the situation and learning about how leadership works and how markets can make you and destroy you.

As to what next, my first idea is to just take time off and chill out for a few weeks and then see what to do next.

Talk to you soon

Harry

Hey Harry,

How are you doing? I am in India at the moment and
heard the news, its unreal, who would have thought. 

What you are going to do now? Shoot me an email on
whats going on? Do you have a Yahoo/Hotmail account??

Shaka

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo! GeoCities - quick and easy web site hosting, just $8.95/month.
http://geocities.yahoo.com/ps/info1

 
P.S.  I'm in NY, at home, if either of you need to speak with me.  516 746-1751.

Harry and Brandon:
 
Just got off the phone with the customer.  Seems we were sufficiently off the market that they didn't see any upside in stringing us along.  I told them that the indicative price came from our structuring group and that we would now try to tighten things up directly with the desk.  Ergo, we get another shot.  Let's make it a good one.

Greg
 
1. Who made these prices ?
 
2. Is this a into TVA product
 
3. Is this a 3 yr starting 2003 they are asking for ?
 
4. How much size are they interested in ?
 
5. Is this a day ahead 5x16 (16 hour minimum) product or is there a 4hr/8hr min ?
 
 
Harry
 
 
 
 
 
 

Harry and Brandon:
 
Apparently, we are not as competitive as we need to be here.  Let me know if there's anything we can do here to make this more attractive.  My quote to them is at the bottom of the thread.

Greg:

We have completed our evaluation of the two proposed structures (1) May

through September and (2) June through August for a three year duration

beginning in 2003.  Unfortunately, based on the prices quoted below, neither

evaluates well enough that we would want to pursue any further.  We

appreciate your interest and remain interested in any future proposals you

may want to offer.

Regards,

Wayne Hilson

(4230 751-2916

Sent:   Tuesday, October 23, 2001 5:33 PM

Any idea on timing of a response?  Just curious.

    -----Original Message-----

   Sent:   Monday, October 15, 2001 4:06 PM

   Subject:  RE: Synthetic Peaker

   Thanks.

   We'll be in touch.

    -----Original Message-----

   Sent:   Monday, October 15, 2001 3:32 PM

   Subject:     Synthetic Peaker

   Wayne:

   May 1 through Sep 30:  $5.83/kw-mo

   Jun 1 through Aug 31:  $8.78/kw/mo

   Heat Rate:   10,900

   VOM:         $1.63/MWh

   Term:        3 years

   Start:       2003

   Availability:     5x16

   Delivery:    Into TVA

   Regards, Greg

   **********************************************************************

   This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate

   and

   may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the

   intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by

   others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or

   authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or

   reply

   to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete

   all

   copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not

   intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence

   a

   binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its

   affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not

   be

   relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.

   Thank you.

   **********************************************************************

Hi Nik
 
 
This is the nasty side of American business.  There is nothing to be embarassed or discouraged about.  These are hard times and I think your graduation timing is no help either.  People graduating '98 through '00 had it goood.  But hang in there, opportunities are fewer, but they are out there.  You might want to broaden your search into energy and healthcare.
 
Enron is one heck of a story. What a ride !  The only conclusion I have is, next time I see some professor about efficient stock markets, I am going to smack him bad. As hard it is to manage businesses in trouble, it is not easy to manage businesses which are over-valued either. There is huge propensity for management to be complacent and attribute it to themselves, while it might be the investors folly and nothing more.  I have been on the ride up and down and all I can say is you live and you learn.
 
I will look out for opportunities out here. Enron is trying to stay close to core businesses but the energy industry in general is still hiring and complacent. You keep at it bud, and things are going to get better.  This market economy beast can be hard to handle at times but in the end it works out. Say hi to Cindy and Noah.
 
 
 
Harry
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Harry:
 
I am kind of embarassed to write this mail to you but just wanted to let you know that I was laid off by my firm last week. Although I am really mad at the way I was treated, I am ready to move on. I am not too sure as to what I am going to do as jobs here in this country are pretty rare these days. But we have planned to stay in Boston for a month and failing which we will move with my sister in NJ and stay there for a couple of months and if nothing works out we will go back to Vancouver. Although I am not too sure what I am going to do in Vancouver.
 
But I thought I should share this with you and in case you have any opportunities for people with my skills in mind you can let me know. I know Enron itself has been going through some shaky times at the moment. It seems that suddenly bad news is raining from all directions or pouring is perhaps a right word to describe it.
 
Bye for now and keep in touch.
 
Harnek

Iris
 
 
The power prices are not financially settled, they are settled by physical delivery, the gas prices are settled against 'Gas Daily' index. What we will need to also look at is, the contractual provision, for 2003 onwards, when the RTO is expected to kick in.
 
Also, lets look at some other term sheets and make a more robust one. What might be a good idea is to call John Llodra and see if he has any old ones he could mail us.
 
 
Harry
 
 
 

Greg,
 
    Attached is a term sheet for the TVA tolling deal.
 
    Please call us on the options desk to discuss after you've taken a look at it.
 
Thanks,
Iris Mack
x3-6711

 
P.S.  I'm in NY, at home, if either of you need to speak with me.  516 746-1751.

Harry and Brandon:
 
Just got off the phone with the customer.  Seems we were sufficiently off the market that they didn't see any upside in stringing us along.  I told them that the indicative price came from our structuring group and that we would now try to tighten things up directly with the desk.  Ergo, we get another shot.  Let's make it a good one.

Greg
 
1. Who made these prices ?
 
2. Is this a into TVA product
 
3. Is this a 3 yr starting 2003 they are asking for ?
 
4. How much size are they interested in ?
 
5. Is this a day ahead 5x16 (16 hour minimum) product or is there a 4hr/8hr min ?
 
 
Harry
 
 
 
 
 
 

Harry and Brandon:
 
Apparently, we are not as competitive as we need to be here.  Let me know if there's anything we can do here to make this more attractive.  My quote to them is at the bottom of the thread.

Greg:

We have completed our evaluation of the two proposed structures (1) May

through September and (2) June through August for a three year duration

beginning in 2003.  Unfortunately, based on the prices quoted below, neither

evaluates well enough that we would want to pursue any further.  We

appreciate your interest and remain interested in any future proposals you

may want to offer.

Regards,

Wayne Hilson

(4230 751-2916

Sent:   Tuesday, October 23, 2001 5:33 PM

Any idea on timing of a response?  Just curious.

    -----Original Message-----

   Sent:   Monday, October 15, 2001 4:06 PM

   Subject:  RE: Synthetic Peaker

   Thanks.

   We'll be in touch.

    -----Original Message-----

   Sent:   Monday, October 15, 2001 3:32 PM

   Subject:     Synthetic Peaker

   Wayne:

   May 1 through Sep 30:  $5.83/kw-mo

   Jun 1 through Aug 31:  $8.78/kw/mo

   Heat Rate:   10,900

   VOM:         $1.63/MWh

   Term:        3 years

   Start:       2003

   Availability:     5x16

   Delivery:    Into TVA

   Regards, Greg

   **********************************************************************

   This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate

   and

   may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the

   intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by

   others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or

   authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or

   reply

   to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete

   all

   copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not

   intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence

   a

   binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its

   affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not

   be

   relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.

   Thank you.

   **********************************************************************

This is for energy only, i.e, its an into product, but we may source it from anywhere in the market.  
 
 
Harry
 
 
 

Greg,
 
    Attached is a term sheet for the TVA tolling deal.
 
    Please call us on the options desk to discuss after you've taken a look at it.
 
Thanks,
Iris Mack
x3-6711

 
P.S.  I'm in NY, at home, if either of you need to speak with me.  516 746-1751.

Harry and Brandon:
 
Just got off the phone with the customer.  Seems we were sufficiently off the market that they didn't see any upside in stringing us along.  I told them that the indicative price came from our structuring group and that we would now try to tighten things up directly with the desk.  Ergo, we get another shot.  Let's make it a good one.

Greg
 
1. Who made these prices ?
 
2. Is this a into TVA product
 
3. Is this a 3 yr starting 2003 they are asking for ?
 
4. How much size are they interested in ?
 
5. Is this a day ahead 5x16 (16 hour minimum) product or is there a 4hr/8hr min ?
 
 
Harry
 
 
 
 
 
 

Harry and Brandon:
 
Apparently, we are not as competitive as we need to be here.  Let me know if there's anything we can do here to make this more attractive.  My quote to them is at the bottom of the thread.

Greg:

We have completed our evaluation of the two proposed structures (1) May

through September and (2) June through August for a three year duration

beginning in 2003.  Unfortunately, based on the prices quoted below, neither

evaluates well enough that we would want to pursue any further.  We

appreciate your interest and remain interested in any future proposals you

may want to offer.

Regards,

Wayne Hilson

(4230 751-2916

Sent:   Tuesday, October 23, 2001 5:33 PM

Any idea on timing of a response?  Just curious.

    -----Original Message-----

   Sent:   Monday, October 15, 2001 4:06 PM

   Subject:  RE: Synthetic Peaker

   Thanks.

   We'll be in touch.

    -----Original Message-----

   Sent:   Monday, October 15, 2001 3:32 PM

   Subject:     Synthetic Peaker

   Wayne:

   May 1 through Sep 30:  $5.83/kw-mo

   Jun 1 through Aug 31:  $8.78/kw/mo

   Heat Rate:   10,900

   VOM:         $1.63/MWh

   Term:        3 years

   Start:       2003

   Availability:     5x16

   Delivery:    Into TVA

   Regards, Greg

   **********************************************************************

   This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. and/or its relevant affiliate

   and

   may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the

   intended recipient (s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by

   others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or

   authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender or

   reply

   to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete

   all

   copies of the message. This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not

   intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and do not create or evidence

   a

   binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. (or any of its

   affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party, and may not

   be

   relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise.

   Thank you.

   **********************************************************************

What is the exact location (in terms of LMP) - is this a PJM east or PJM west hub ? Is it connected to NY, either Zone G or Zone J ?

Brandon and Harry:

Brandon:  I assume the pricing is at the mids.  Also, since the spread between the 1.50VOM and the 3.00VOM is so small, I'll just quote the 1.50.

Harry:  Please look at the entire email thread (to get a sense of all the metrics we're employing for this quote).  ConEd has already announced a 3x7FA peaker configuration for Lakewood, NJ.  The site is already owned by ConEd, part of an existing 230MW combined cycle plant they already own.  It's on the same transmission line (running to the south) as the Oyster Creek nuclear facility, which has a license expiration in 2009.  The existing plant is a non-merchant EWG, selling 215MW to JCP&L pusuant to a twenty-year PPA expiring in 2014.  ConEd has put out an RFP to sell 200-250MW of the peaking capacity from this planned facility.  They planned to have the unit operational by June 2002.  If we provide this synthetic toll, the plant construction would be deferred.  Let me know if we can do 350 to 500MW and let's talk about appropriate spreads above the mids.  Also, please be mindful of their desire for 8 hour mins.

Thanks

Pricing as follows:
For the 3 year option:
$1.50 VOM - $1.77
$3.00 VOM - $1.69

For the 4 year option:
$1.50 VOM - $1.74
$3.00 VOM - $1.66

As always, these prices are indicative.  For a product of that size (350-500MW), I would probe the customer to find a break-even/cost of construction price, and approach Harry to get the risk premium.
Let me know how it works out,

Brandon Cavazos
Brandon:

Got another one!!!

What:		350-500MW Peaker
Where:		Lakewood, NJ (in PJM, about 40-50 miles south of NYC, off the Garden State 		Parkway - Look on a road atlas to get the location right for LMP pricing)
Heat Rate:	10,900
VOM:		Price it two ways ($1.50/MWh and $3.00/MWh)
Gas:		Transco Zone 6 - Non New York
Avail:		5x16, year round, day ahead dispatch w/ 8 hour minimums.
Start Date:	June '02
Term:		3 years (show me 4 years also, please)

Call me if you have questions.

Thanks much.

What I heard was this was being handled by Exelon guys, so it makes sense.  These guys prefer dealing with old utiliity guys and so we will need to break-in to get access to some of these deals.

Harry

Harry,

Update on Comed. It's unbelievable how unresponsive these guys are.

Dave

We spoke to our contact at Comed and he gave us the names of two other contacts at Exelon that would be handling those type of options.  Doug and Maria left messages when I was out of the office.  We have yet to hear back from them.

Terri

Were you ever able to get ahold of Comed on this?

Dave

Thats wierd.

e-mail I was telling u about.

                    Kelly Busch                                                                              
                                                                                                             

Hey Nicole-
I got your email via Steve Wang-- he actually came to
me with it-- did you send it along?

It was great meeting you this weekend-- what a wild
night-- was really a great party.

I'm sending my resume along-- just had a page maker
competent friend tweak it--- looks pretty flash!

Thanks so much for your help-- I look forward to
seeing you again!

-Kelly

713 993 0431

oh, and my aol IM is kbusch14

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Make a great connection at Yahoo! Personals.
http://personals.yahoo.com

Greg

There has been just too many rumors flying around here to quote real long term deals.  Give me a day or so to put numbers on long dated deals.  

Harry

Harry:

Any idea when you'll get a chance to respond to these questions?  I'd like to get back to my counterparties ASAP.  Understand you're probably very busy.  Just give me an estimate, if you can.

Regards, Greg

Harry, Iris and Brandon:

Just finished up another call with my counterparty at Dominion.  Here are the opportunities:

1.	GridSouth - (They really want to dump in "CP&L East" - anything we can do to facilitate 	this will better meet customer requirements.

		Capacity:	2003 - 100MW
				2004 - 250MW
				2005 - 570MW for five years

	Will accept day-ahead dispatch.  Really want 8 hour minimum runs w/ 5x16 availability.

		Heat Rate:	7200
		VOM		$2/MWh
